CACKLING THE IMMENSE DISAPPOINTMENT IN HIS FACE WHEN SHE WENT AHEAD OF HIM
This drama literally saved my life. 
I started this drama during my Mama's fight with cancer. My Mama passed away on Friday, September 10th 2021

While still grieving I didn't want to miss out my comfort drama on the weekend and it warmed my heart that episode 6 (aired in September 12th) gave me a scene of heart-to-heart conversation between Hye-jin and Ju-ri, whose both mothers passed away. It put me new perspectives how should one getting on with life in the absence of a Mother figure.

I also told my dad (who's become a Chunjae), Hyejin's lines that 'the most precious gifts parents can give to their children is by staying healthy'. Thanks to this drama I made sure I kept reminding him that.

In this last episode we see Gamri's son also grieves and regrets that he's not being a good son enough to his Mama and kept delaying his service believing she's gonna live long. Oof! It kinda punched my heart. My Mama was only 51 and I'm 26, I thought she will live long enough to see me amazingly succesful, getting married and have children. It was only last July when we found out she got cancer and it's already too late. Dusik's response to the son really healed me: I realized my Mama's been proud of my achievements and I had been lucky enough to have a Mama growing up. 
Also Gamri's letter to Dusik is like my parents' speak to me directly and I cried.

So thank you so much to all the people behind the making of Hometown Cha Cha Cha! I'm gonna miss you!
You guys might not know how much your hardwork really heal people around the globe in mysterious ways!
*“Two pairs of shoes by the door, two toothbrushes in the bathroom.. in a house where we keep those, will you enjoy today, tomorrow, and all of your time with me?”*

THESE WORDS OMG. 🥺🥰
That chaotic proposal was perfect for our Sikhye couple! 

Hyejin sweetly suggesting their shoes to be always together as a callback to their first encounter at the beach. Then Dusik's face of disbelief when she asked him to marry her. Hah! Our Gongjin dentist, always the impatient one! Dusik delivering his own proposal, promising ordinary yet amazing pairs of everything as a reveal of his plan of their future together. Finally, the two of them playing in the water.

Dusik and Hyejin has come a long way from their first encounter at the beach. So many important milestones of their relationship occured on or near the beach and I was so emotional when they were openly and bravely proposing to each other where it all started. 

Hands down, Sikhye will always be remembered as a legendary couple for many years to come!
As HCCC comes to an end, I wanted to share a list of my favorite dialogue that I have been collecting since the start. I will miss this show sooo much and it will hold a special place in my heart for a very long time. If I missed your favorite dialogue, please comment it below :)

**Episode 2:**

* “You freely judge other people's lives but are offended when you're being assessed?" - Du-shik
* "Did you just call me Oppa? If you call me Oppa, I'll kill you." - Du-shik
* "I know [it's](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pdt1b2/hometown_chachacha_episode_2/hauoan7/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) for a better workout and not for people to see." - Du-shik
* “Life isn't fair for all of us. Some spend their lives on unpaved roads, while some run at full speed only to reach the edge of a cliff.” - Du-shik

**Episode 3:**

* “The best thing a parent can do for their child is staying healthy.” - Hye-jin

**Episode 5:**

* “You’re bound to meet unexpected situations in life. Even if you use an umbrella, you’ll end up getting drenched. Just put your hands up and welcome the rain.” - Du-shik

**Episode 6:**

* “Find someone to lean on for once. You spend your life dealing with people's baggage. When do you ever get to lessen yours?" - Chun-jae
* “I’m telling you to cross it \[the line\] comfortably like I do. Don’t be childish and draw imaginary lines. Let me borrow your eraser and copy your homework once in a while.” - Du-shik

**Episode 9**:

* "Shouldn’t you be ticketed as well? Cuz you invaded my heart.” - Mi-seon
* “It’s strange. It’s their first time meeting, so how does he seem to blend in so well? How does he make us feel so comfortable? How does he warm our hearts easily?” - Hye-jin
* “If you keep bottling up your emotions, you’ll get sick. Talking is like pooping. You need to relieve yourself regularly to stay healthy.” - Nam-suk

**Episode 11:**

* “I was barely keeping my head above water and you were the first person to care for me. ‘Let’s Eat.’ Those words were like a spell to me… Your words comforted me greatly. I had feelings for you too. I knew you had feelings for me as well, but I pretended to be ignorant. I wasn’t confident it’d work because you had seen me at my lowest. I’ve always regretted not being true to my feelings back then. So, I’d like to be honest this time around. I’m sorry, I like someone else.” - Hye-jin
* “I’m relieved. You didn’t hesitate like we did in the past. You mustered up the courage to tell me honestly, so I’m relieved. But you see, that wasn’t your lowest. You may have lived off sausages and worn ragged shoes, but you radiated. You worked hard every day of your life and tried not to lose yourself no matter what. And I loved you for that. I’m truly honored that someone like you is my first love.” - Seong-hyun
* “I lived 34 years without you, but each days seems to last forever since I met you.” - Du-shik
* “I’m a simple guy. I don’t like complicated things…I like Hye-jin. But I think I’m pretty fond of you too, Hong Banjang. I hated studying trigonometric functions back in school. Love triangles just aren’t for me.” - Seong-hyun
* “Your slowness is what made you lose Hye-jin.” - Du-shik to Seong-hyun
* “Let me know when you’re free so I can make other plans.” - Du-shik to Seong-hyun

**Episode 12:**

* "I told you not to take your socks off inside-out and not to throw them everywhere around the house! I'm not your maid! Don't throw them around the house!" - Hwa-jeong
   * \^\^\^ This dialogue in particular was not what I loved, but it was the realness of this scene. The delivery of dialogue, the change of voice, the pain in her eyes, the final straw— CHILLS DOWN MY SPINE. I will never forget this scene.

**Episode 13:**

* "Comfortable? Do you think childbirth is easy? My body gets ripped in the process. It feels like all the bones in my body are broken then mended again! Imagine breastfeeding late at night in that state. Breastfeeding, putting it to bed, changing its diaper. But what? I'll be comfortable after giving birth? Is raising a baby a joke to you? And I'm being greedy? Do you think I work this hard for myself? I also don't want to work. I'm exhausted because our baby is weighing me down. I want to rest! I'm the only one whose lonely and scared. You're  just a bystander. You have no idea how much I struggle. My hands and feet are swollen, my back hurts, and I can't bend forward! I just can't! That's why I can't tie these stupid shoelaces! Do you know how that feels?!" - Yun-gyeong
* “My parents gave me their all to have me in this world. So, I must try my best to find happiness.” - Hye-jin

**Episode 14:**

* "Technically, they're third molars, but also known as wisdom teeth since they emerge when you get wiser about love... Many fear the procedure, but I recommend that you bravely dig it out rather than keep your pain hidden." - Hye-jin
* "Mom, I'm not crazy. I'm perfectly fine. How is liking someone an illness?...It's not your fault. It isn't. But it's not my fault either." - Choi-hui

**Episode 15:**

* "You have a hangnail that is bothering you. It's painful and irritating. You need to take care of it. If not, it'll hurt even more." - Seong-hyun
* "I like being old. Looking back, I'd had many tasty dishes, seen great scenery, and met wonderful people. What more could I ask for?...Look around yourself closely, and you'll realize you're surrounded by many precious things. Every day is full of so much excitement, as if i'm going on a picnic the next day." - Gam-ri

**Episode 16:**

* "I thought that my mom would stay in my life for a long time. So I kept putting off seeing her because I thought there'd be plenty of chances. But there aren't any left. When parents pass away, children who regret the most cry the most. But I'm too ashamed to even cry." - Gam-ri's son
* "When you lose a loved one, you should mourn plenty. Or else, the grief travels all through your body, and it bursts later." - Hye-jin 😭
* "No matter how hard life gets, one should still eat... Du-shik, do you remember what you said to me? You said the best thing a parent can do for their child is staying healthy. It's the same with parents. It tears our hearts out when our children are in pain. Du-sik, you are my son and also my grandson. Don't you ever forget that. Du-shik, people should live among other people. Life may seem like a burden to you at times, but if you choose to be among others, just like you did for me, someone will carry you on their back." - Gam-ri
* "I'd love it if our shoes were always side by side at the door together. So that neither would be lonely." "Two pairs of shoes by the door, two toothbrushes in the bathroom, and two aprons in the kitchen. Everything will be in pairs. In a house where we keep those. Will you enjoy today, tomorrow, and all of your time with me?" - Hye-jin & Du-shik
* "The sea won't always be this gentle. We will be met with winds. And even typhoons will come our way." "So what if we get soaked in the rain? Who cares if the wind blows a bit when we're in the same boat?" - Du-shik & Hye-jin
#HTCCC has the best wedding proposals I’ve ever seen. 

I also want to praise my eyes 👀 for discovering HTCCC 😂😂😂😂
My final episode thoughts (spoiler: I cried…a lot):




•You can just tell the impact Gam-Ri halmeoni had on everyone in Gongjin, even Hye-Jin who only knew her for such a short amount of time💔





•oh my goodness, Gam-Ri’s letter to Du-Sik. Pleaseeeeeee I can’t handle crying this much so early in the day😭💔And Du-Suk finally getting a chance to properly grieve for the first time in his life







•Did Seong Hyeon really learn nothing from the Hye Jin situation??? MAKE YOUR MOVE🗣






•I said this yesterday and I’ll say it again…Hye Jin’s character growth has been so well done. She’s truly one of the best examples of character growth I’ve seen in a drama💕







•I knew it! ******** was the lottery winner😂😂😂😂







•I-Jun and Bo-Ra are so freaking adorableeeeeee💕






•Hye Jin and Mi-Seon are one of my fave kdrama friendships ❤️ I just needed to reiterate that 





•THE BEACH SCENE😭💕 AHHHHHHEIXNFBSHXBDHSHDHEHXBDHSUXBDDUC THE TEARS WON’T STOP😭❤️😭❤️😭❤️






•All our ships are sailing so hard into the sunset⛵️⛵️⛵️







•I love how everyone in Gongjin pretty much adopted Seong Hyeon😂 he’s really an unofficial resident at this point








•I really wanted a wedding scene but that photo shoot was even better than I could have hoped for💕💕💕






All in all, this show is definitely one of my new all time favorites. Also, this is the first time I’ve ever watched a show live with this sub and it did not disappoint. Thank you to the Homecha writers for such a feel good show and thank you to the moderators and members of the sub for such a fun watching experience🥲❤️
The perfect kdrama ending doesn’t exis—

Hometown Cha3 broke some of the tropes I hated in dramas. Even the finale is so satisfying. This drama and all the characters will definitely stay with me for a good while. Now.. what to do with this void 😭
It's a pretty emotional finale for me as I am officially celebrating my 1 year of hosting on-air discussions here in this sub - started with Start-Up, which premiered an entire year earlier. It's been such an honor to be able to host great dramas, including HCCC, which we're saying goodbye to today. Thank you to everyone who has joined the threads and shared their thoughts, theories, emotions, and general feelings. Thank you for the shared experience of watching such a healing drama. Thank you, thank you, thank you. 

A year later, as a big fan of Kim Seon Ho, I would like to take this chance to ask everyone to continue supporting him - he has quite a lot in store for 2022! In the same way, please continue to support Shin Min Ah as well. We'll be seeing her in a new drama written by Noh Hee Kyung within the next year too! ◡̈ 

Thank you. It has been such a fun ride. For the last time, happy Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha Sunday! ◡̈ See you all later!
The biggest thing I can say is GRIEF is a bitch.☹️ This is a thing that’s just way too familiar to me, having lost both my parents separately. Something I don’t even wish on my worst enemy. So those first scenes really took a toll on my heart today. Damn you Hometown Cha Cha Cha! Why do you make me cry on the last episode? I’m supposed to be all giddy at this time! Lol. But I’m just so glad Hye Jin was present the entire time with Du Sik, from yesterday’s episode to today’s.

Also, I KNEW IT! I knew >!Eun Cheol was the lottery winner! He bought so many expensive things for Mi Seon, it only made sense he won the lottery!!< But mainly, my highlight this episode is Miseon’s line: “I praise my own eyes for discovering you!” I should tell my fiance this. Lol

OH MY GOSH the proposal tho! Hye Jin’s proposal was so sweet I almost cried until Du Sik ruined it hahahahahahaha sigh, I’ll miss this kdrama! I really appreciate that they showed both of their proposals. I rarely see marriage proposals in kdrama and this just sealed the deal of how wonderful and heart warming this kdrama is.
No doubt “Romantic Sunday” was the best way to end this show ❤️ one of the greatest of all time
No more Romantic Sundays. Damn, i am gonna miss Gongjin. This show was really well made and dint know 2 months passed like that. Kudos to the amazing cast and great work by the writers. It had all the elements - Romance, Comedy and Healing. Nothing extraordinary but its dramas like these that really keep me calm and happy. There was happiness, fluff and fair bit of tears and emotions and they balanced it all very well. 

I am gonna miss the dimple couple Seon Ho and Min Ah. It was such a beautiful ending and damn its that bittersweet feeling where you know your favourite show is ending and we dont want to let go. Anyways, here is to hoping that we get to see Seon Ho more as the ML.

Thanks Cha-Cha-Cha ❤
“I worked 637 hrs for this, don’t sell this online”

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA how did he compute that wtf
#Choon Jae: Double digits rating in this day and age?… 

That was quite clever 🤣 but fully deserving! 

I LOVE HTCCC so so much 😍😍😍
Agh. I’m lying in a pool of sugar! That finale was so cute, sweet and satisfying. I loved every single minute of it. It’s been *so* long since I’ve had *withdrawal symptoms* for a KDrama ending, so I’m definitely going to rewatch this soon. It was really soothing and healing and seeing them come full circle was such a treat to watch - proposing in the place they first met. I’m so sad it’s over… :(
Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha is exactly what I - no, we - needed at this time: a light, easy romcom with no villains, no second lead syndrome, no plotholes, no “WTF” plot twists, just the right amount of fluff and tears, and most importantly, a K-drama where Kim Seon Ho ends up happy and married. Thank you for making me look forward to weekends again. Saranghae, Hong Banjang and Hye Jin-ah! 9.5/10 🌟
[deleted]
A perfectly fine analogy for the engagement spot.:


When the two first meet on the beach, Du Sik was riding the waves alone and looking like he's wandering (literally), an apt metaphor for how he's living his life.  and Hye Jin only dipped her feet on the water hesitantly, an apt metaphor for her approach in life and going to Gongjin. The most important things to her were the material things she had, as symbolized by clinging to her shoes (I don't blame her tho that stuff is expensive) She's even characterized as a pretty materialistic person. 

During the proposal however, they charge in the water leaving everything behind their things. Just like how they've left their baggage and past selves behind. They've become so carefree, leaving their shoes (Hye Jin was wearing those expensive pumps!). Just like how, in life, they're ready for go in deep--as long as they're together.
The end is near and how befitting we are going to have both a funeral and a wedding for the last episode, symbolising both endings and new beginnings. 

Like many of you said, homcha has been a respite for me for the past 2 months and I am so sad it is coming to an end. 
Nevertheless, bring on the last episode. Let’s go out with a bang with a new ratings record for the homcha cast and crew!
**Episode 16**

The word “Finale” had me burst out in tears so you can imagine how the next 15 min of the episode went. I never thought I would be this moved by a show. 

That was hands down one of the >!BEST proposals!< I’ve ever seen. It was just the right mix of sincere, cheese and adorable. Oooof these two ❤️

Oh I wasn’t prepared for the happy tears in the end! This show man. Ooof. I’m gonna have to take some more time to process it all. My heart feels like it’s going to burst with happiness for a fictional couple. 

P.S: Things that me LOL:

- I can never deal with all the PPL shows have to fit into the last episode but I’ll allow these two pretending to lose it over >!Dominos!<

- They did NOT put in a Squid Game reference…hahaha. 

- Ofcourse she has a >!”wedding concept”!< This girl is hilarious.

Edit: Formatting. Also, as you’ll see in responses to my comment that observation about the Squid Game “reference” was misinformed as there have been earlier references to the kids playing that seemed to have got lost in translation :)
I can't believe they made me watch a two minute ad for dominos and I still ate it up like a thirsty ho.
Gosh, more than anything, I hope this show wins an award - ANY award (screenplay, actor, actress, director, or writer) in next year’s Baeksang. They deserve it 100%.
[removed]
Before we all watch the ending credits roll tonight, I just want to say THANK YOU HOMETOWN CHA-CHA-CHA 💙

This show has honestly been one of the most comforting K-Dramas I've seen, and I haven't really felt this way since I saw Reply 1988. It just felt like a place I could come home to every weekend, and although I'm sad because I will genuinely miss Gongjin and our HTCCC gang - the series has definitely gotten me through some rough times this month and that makes me happy.

*cue in the last Romantic Sundaaaay*

EDIT: I had to watch it in parts because of work... BUT I FINALLY FINISHED IT AND WAAAAAH BEAUTIFUL BEAUTIFUL SHOW!!! >!Chief Hong, listen to Hye-jin and "get busy" already lmaooo ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)!<

*Sponsored by Domino's /j*
“Gamri-unnie, are you watching this? Du-shik is getting married!”

I thought the tears were over at this point. Dang. 😭
I've been a lurker here on Reddit for 2yrs and never have I ever commented on anything. Only HCCC managed to bring me out of my cave.

I am surely going to miss this drama's discussion, but no time to be sad, 2022 will be a blast for KSH and SMA and I will keep rooting for them in their own projects.

Few more minutes before the finale! My heart is ready for a romantic beach wedding!!! Chaaaaaaaa
Down bad for this show. I am going to miss it SO MUCH.
Best K Drama of 2021. FITE ME
Repost from ep15 thread :

Public service announcement that in honor of our favorite Du Sik and all the residents of Gonjin, on Monday everyone on this thread should wear flannel. Together we will mourn and say goodbye

On Mondays we wear flannel
What a journey friends! I don’t think I have ever been so invested in a drama from start to finish. It isn’t a perfect drama by any means but there is just so much ❤️ in the drama you just can’t help but root and love it. Similar to how everyone in gongjin roots for one another. 

Gamri’s funeral was done so beautifully. I don’t think I have ever seen a funeral procession in kdrama ever. And really it was so heart breaking, I was crying nonstop throughout the first 15 minutes. 

DS and HJ after the proposal got me squealing (much like HJ being carried to the bedroom) like a teenager as they discussed their roles after marriage and discussed what HJ will call DS. I just cannot with these 2. Clearly they are not real but in my heart I truly wish these 2 fictional characters nothing but bliss.
PETITION TO RELEASE “JUST A FEELING” ON SPOTIFY 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼

EDIT: IT’S OUT! HACKERS LET’S GOOOOOO 🙌🏼
About to watch the episode and once I'm done, I'm going to immediately rewatch the whole series. Because this show came into my life at the right time, I think it qualifies as my favorite kdrama. Lately, I've become miserable in my office job and struggling with my mental health. Watching this show and seeing Dusik's work life, he looked so free. He left his office job and it felt magnetic and my constant thought while watching was "I want to be free too". It helped me realize I need to drastically change my career path. I'm trying to do that, it's messy and I don't know if it will work. But the show made me realize I need to try. And made me see that I can't just continue to be friendly, helpful, and pleasant to everyone while not letting them truly in. That's not good for trauma or mental health and I need to be less scared and let some people in.
IMMA PRAISE MY EYES FOR DISCOVERING THE WONDERFUL SHOW THAT IS HOMETOWN CHACHACHA.
“You’re bound to meet unexpected situations in life. Just put your hands up and welcome the rain.”
       - Hong Dusik 2021


I know we're not yet ready to say goodbye to this amazing and healing drama.... 🥺
the finale was full of laughter and goodness but not forgetting this poignant scene:

cried so hard alongside Du-shik during Gam-ri’s letter, it’s true that grief is belated and has its own timing. that he can finally cathartically release his sorrow is a wonderful thing.
This is such a beautifully written drama, and beautifully directed too. I’ve been watching dramas for over 15 years, there are not that many drama that I’ve felt content with whole pace, plot, characters and even direction. But Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha is definitely one of those dramas that will probably stay with you for the longest time. They’re really stood up to their statement about it being a healing drama (eventho they’ve made me cry so much in the last 3 episodes!!). I will look forward to the Director & Writer(s) future work! Thank you so much for producing such a great drama that just give us all the right feels. ♥️
I LOVED THIS SHOW. I really needed to come here and say this. I didn't start with great expectations. It seemed like a typical Rom-com. But it completely blew me away. I found myself rooting for all the ships in this show, from Eun-Cheol and Miseon, to Seong Hyun and Ji Won.

It felt like such a typical small town story: boy meets girl, annoying small town residents, side characters, potential love triangle. It does have all these "typical" elements, but it took all these and did so much more with them.

Boy meets girl, yes. But there was so much growth and depth to Hyejin. Not a fall head over heels and learns her lesson. We learn she is a woman who is tough, courageous, knows what she wants. Can be materialistic, but still is kind. Her background explains her current personality perfectly, and shows her potential to grow. She is actually a PERSON, and not a caricature of a city girl. And do I even need to elaborate on Dusik. The rural village boy who seems perfect. But his deep secrets and guardedness was always there. His friendly nature, and being constantly helpful was all part of his defensive posture. People relying on HIM, but he won't rely on them. I'm so glad for this last episode for him - that he could find catharsis in Hyejins arms.

All the side characters like Hwa Jeong and Young Guk, Gamri of course, and even gossipy Nam-suk. Their stories so well fleshed out - you feel like you know them, their motivations and dreams, their failures and hurts. They are also people, and you feel like you really know them. by the end of the show

I truly feel that by the end of this show, I've been taken into the town of Gongjin as well, part of the nosy onlookers who had the privilege to peek into the houses and lives of these villagers trying to live their simple lives and just be happy. It was so engaging, so healing, and so lovely.

I've not been into K dramas for long, but this show will always have a special place in my heart, for bringing unexpected healing and love in this time. And of course for bringing the Dimple Couple to my attention! 😊

If you've made it this far down, thanks for hearing my long thoughts on this drama that has given me so much joy! (I realize I just keep praising it haha)
As I was watching the episode, I can feel the writers sending off each character and wrapping up the episode like a heartfelt gift that took so much time and detail to make. This episode, especially with the final ending scenes with the villagers and Sikhye in the end and Romantic Sunday in the background, was like the ribbon topping the gift that was Homcha. Chef's kiss!

Thank you for this drama for making my weekends bearable (especially in this pandemic). The memories of waiting for the episodes to drop and watching them over and over again (while waiting for the next weekend lol) will stay with me for a long time. 🥰

EDIT:

Other thoughts prior to the final 10 mins:

Gamri's funeral was such a great scene showing showing the love between parents and their children. 

The whole ensemble grieving in their own way for Gamri was also heartbreaking. The scene between the two grannies was also so heartwarming. I really appreciate how Homcha portrayed the rest of the Gongjin villagers. Even if they aren't part of the main casts, they got me invested in their own stories. 

My heart absolutely burst during the letter scene. The emotions and tears of Min-a and Seon-ho really draws you in to the scene more (awards for them please). Happy for Dusik that he can finally grieve properly for a loved one. 

Eun cheol's revelation to Mi seon of how he won the lottery is so pure of him. Mi seon said it herself, she's a lucky one!

Hwa jeong and Young guk enjoying being back together was heartwarming. Finally Hwa jeong can also get taken care of again.

Gum-cheol and Yun gyeong's bickering was funny and true to their dynamic. Also, maybe we'll get a season 2 of Homcha but with Ijun and Bora this time around? Lol

There were a lot of PPLs in this ep! I guess they saved it all for the last one. 

The non-toxic love triangle and brotherly relationship between the ML and 2ML is really a breath of fresh air. They are both helping each other like brothers - whether it's with their relationships or work. 

Maybe we can also get a Ji-won and Seonghyeon in Homcha Season 2? Lol

Kinda wish we saw Sikhye with her family like ep 9, but I'll take the mother-daughter bonding any day. It was when Hyejin realized she wanted to be Dusik's family so this made the scene more important. 

Dusik first realized that his house without Hyejin was empty after his grandfather's memorial. Now, he even sees apparitions of Hyejin! Haha

The proposal scene was funny and heartwarming at the same time. It really takes us back to Ep 1. My how far have we come since that day when we were first introduced to this drama. 

The >!❤️!< finally happened! One thing more to check off the bucket list. Hihi
spoiler: hwa jeong and nam suk's faces are A++ MEME QUALITY
Just like yesterday's episode, the start of today's episode was rather cathartic with the funeral and mourning. This is probably the first kdrama I've watched where they shared the whole funeral process from the wake to sending the body off and I rather liked the way they did it. The scene where they sent gamri off felt so tranquil and serene I don't know how to put it into words but it made me feel something I've never felt before watching dramas. Watching Dusik break down after reading gamri's letter was very cathartic too. It was as though I could feel his pent up emotions and when he let it all out, so did I. The scene where the son bawled broke me the most though, I just can't with scenes between parents and children and when he said "she probably put me first just like I put my children first" and when he said he felt too ashamed to cry it just hit me in the feelings. And sukja and matyi's scene together was so wholesome and touching. Sukja looked like a little child afraid to lose her love one and seeing an old lady portray those emotions just made me tear up even more. TT 

Everything afterwards just kept up the smile on my face lol. Euncheol and miseon reciting song lyrics when talking abt the house had me giggling so hard and GUYS >!WE CALLED IT, EUNCHEOL'S THE LOTTERY DUDE!< I couldn't stop cackling when euncheol showed miseon the wrong week's numbers lmao. He never fails to disappoint hahahahah. As for yeongguk, damn he so cheesy my insides were cringing the whole time as he spoke but in a good way hahah. I can't with his puns 'I wanna be your happiness centre' lmao and hwajeong running to meet him. What a bunch of cuties hahaha. 

The proposal was honestly perfect. There wasn't anything in particular I wanted to see from the proposal before I watched it cause idk proposals always felt the same in every drama (but I still get excited every single time lol) but it was so simple and hilarious with Dusik being lost cause hyejin proposed first. And then I teared up cause dusik's proposal+ the scenes from the past and the music=tears. I'm glad they didn't go for anything grand >!I mean Dusik buying the necklace was a lot but no over the top gestures if you get what I mean!< It just felt very sikhye like and that was really nice. Also I can never get enough of the both of them talking in cutesy. Hyejin's the cutesy pro and now dusik's catching up!! 

What was that dominos ppl lmao. That was so random but I'm not complaining cause I love me some Ji PD and Dusik interactions and I swear I saw his 2d1n self come out as he ate that pizza. I was just waiting for him to so 'it's so savoury' but Welp it's Hong Dusik not Kim seonho lol. 

I say this in every episode but Bora and ijun are the cutest and if they had a spin-off I would definitely watch. Their interactions were always fun to watch but today it was just hilarious. Having seen Bora express her affection openly for ijun the whole series, I was pleasantly surprised by the pokki scene with ijun giving her his heart (Our little boy's got em movesss) BUT BORA, WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO HILARIOUS 'iT's jUSt a sNAcK' it's okay ijun, we can cry together jK hahah also, YAY OH YOON GOT NOTICED FOR SUGAR PEOPLE WHOOO!!! I was surprised at how happy I was when I watched him pick up that call. I hadn't realised how big of a soft spot I developed for him. Damn I'm so attached to all the gongjin villagers :(

I was worried abt the show ending cause I thought I'd find it hard to move on but having watched today's episode, I think it was a perfect way to end off the series and I'm content. I'll still have to binge 2d1n and Kim seonho dramas for a while cause man is beautiful and hilarious and I could use that everyday. And when I say beautiful I MEAN GORGEOUS. GOSH WHEN DUSIK AND HYEJIN WERE RUNNING I WAS IN AWE AT HIS BEAUTY. like I already know he's beautiful but idk if it was his smile or maybe the slow Mo and the background and everything I just had to pause cause I was shooketh. 

It's been great coming here to talk abt homecha the past few weekends. Through homecha and this community I found myself healing and gaining wisdom and I wish others did so too. I legitimately don't think I'll ever forget the myriad of emotions I went through watching and thinking about homecha and I'm just really grateful to have been able to watch this for the past few weeks with y'all. Homecha weekends may be over but homecha will always hold a special place in my heart. Have a good week everyone and maybe we'll meet again in another kdrama thread (or maybe a Bora and ijun spin-off fingers crossed)
WHERE'S MY OWN HONG DUSIK/KIM SEONHO *LOUDLY SCREAMING & SOBBING*
What seemed to be just an ordinary romcom k-drama eight weeks ago turned out to be the best I’ve ever seen this year 🥲💯 Thank you, Hometown Cha-cha-cha! I’m now sure that the OST album/merch is worth buying 😝
Wow. What a satisfying ending no loose ends at all, I think. 
The actor playing Gamri's son really acted the hell out of that short scene. 
And Gamri's letter! 😭
That funeral march with that shot from afar which echoes the shot in the first episode of Dusik and Hyejin walking through the green of Gongjin.
Also super hilarious when Miseon thought she won the lottery!
Crazy PPL though! I swear KSH and LSY were having a hilarious time doing the Domino's scene, like "We have to do this anyway might as well have fun."
Is it only me who badly wanted to see their seoul wedding too :P I also wanted to see hj’s father again, loved his chemistry with dusik.  On another note, the few kdramas I watched usually were all bf goals but HJ seriously has to be the best partner one could wish for. Soo happy for dusik and Imma pretend HJP got his happy ending as well :P Thanks to the writers for healing my startup trauma!
Wahhhhhhh I'm so sad it's over now!!! Gonna miss the romantic Sundays😭😭😭

I'm glad they showed >!Granny's son regretting not visiting her.!< It's a small thing but it wraps that part of the story/character up nicely.

So the third mystery of Gongjin was >!Eun-cheol, haha.!< Makes sense and it was cute how they revealed it.

The >!proposal!< scene had me giggling. They're so cute!!!! Thank you for all the fluff after ripping our hearts out for the past week.

How much did >!Domino's!< pay for the PPL in this episode? 😅

Anyway, I'm happy for our couple. The two really deserved each other. Wish we could see a bit of their >!married life.!<

Loved the series. Loved the development of our main characters. Loved the fluff. KSH, please announce your next work soon. 🥰 Until then, it's back to catching up on 2D1N for me.
Fanfic: they will have two kids...a boy and a girl, named Tom and Mary.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is how you end a show 😩😩
Hands down, HTCCC is the best Korean drama I’ve seen. The writers, directors, entire cast, FL and ML did such a wonderful job. I don’t follow actors much but I’m definitely a Kim Seonho fan now. Thank you so much HTCCC nation for a wonderful two months. 

Highlights from episode 16

-Dusik and Gamri’s son convo was sooooo realistic. >!I’ve heard people say that their biggest regrets of losing a parent is not spending enough time with them or doing enough for them. The discussion also revealed how close DS was with Gamri Halmoni and how much he did treat her like his own family!<

-Halmonis letter to DS and memories, omg the tears won’t stop flowing 

-DOMINOS PIZZA???? 

-The proposal was hilarious, >!I accidentally inhaled some food when DS said No!<

- ♥️ Eros heart >!was marked off the bucket list!<

-I wished we saw clips >!of the Seoul wedding, DS getting the zone chief or village chief position, and them enjoying HJ’s wine a year later!<

-What a wonderful ending!! They tied up loose ends and brought the village together in such a beautiful way 

See you at the 2022 Baeksang Awards! HTCCC, 화이팅 fighting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Off topic, but Shin Mina looks so pretty in the >!wedding photos!<, I can’t wait to see her actual photos with Woo bin 😭😭😭
One of the best finale kdrama episodes

I loved how this drama isnt your typical drama with “bad guys” and “childhood memory” as the major plot! The writer touched on so many important topics and I loved how important values like family and death were tackled. It was a good mix of serious and comedy — esp the romance was SPOT ON! It was so subtle but gave me butterflies 

The writers also gave every single character a meaning and purpose (I’m comparing this with Vincenzo’s Geumza plaza friends). Most of the Gongjin villagers had their own special scenes and moments for character growth which made their characters so much more memorable. 

Overall i would want to rewatch this but rewatching ep 15 and the first 15 mins of EP 16 would be so hard…
This drama helped me continue during a testing and tough phase of my life. I will cherish and remember this drama always. It's been more than a drama to me and many of us, more like a friend who brings smiles to our faces! ❤
When dusik broke down crying reading gamri's letter I cried with him. And I really rarely cry during kdramas but seeing him finally able to open himself up and sob openly in the arms of his beloved? My heart I really couldn't handle it. Then in the rest of the episode its pure fluff and happiness and comedy, and of course the wedding photos (ft. our favorite villagers haha). The way the writer managed to balance out a funeral and wedding in the same episode without it feeling like a complete 180 impressed me a lot. Easily the best ep16 (especially of a romcom) that I've ever seen. Thank you dimple couple and all of homecha cast for the past 8 weeks, I'll never forget them :)
MY ROTISSERIE CHICKEN BABIES

Ahhhh. I really thought MiSeon won the lottery HAHAHAHAHA But that was a nice way to introduce the lottery winner, 3rd GongJin mystery finally revealed, it was >!EunCheol!<
What a great finale.

All I expected.

A good dollop of cheese, a whole heap of heartwarming scenes, some properly emotional pull that made me cry, lovely humour - the beach scene, I’m sure we  saw it coming a mile away but it was still adorable - bizarrely entertaining product placement and a feeling that yes, the series is finished but it is just the beginning for Hye jin and Du sik and the rest of the characters and town of Gongjin. 

I really enjoyed it and will have very warm memories of this series. [now then, opens up google to search for a seaside home…]
Extremely sure Dominos Pizza’s sales will increase ten fold tomorrow bahaha
I’ve enjoyed so many K-dramas but almost all of them had me wishing atleast one thing were different. I haven’t come across a PERFECT KDrama until Hometown Cha Cha Cha. 

Well thought of and acted out characters, quick resolution storylines, great second lead handling, heartfelt human stories, an amazing blend of modern life with small town quirk, thought provoking dialogue, beautiful cinematography topped with a lovely OST, honest character growth, a superb ensemble cast and two sets of swoon worthy dimples. 

It’s really going to be hard to top this one and I am going to miss Gongjin and you guys just as much.

PS: Throwing it out there incase we have some Ji PD’s lurking on Reddit for their next variety idea. A mukbang with Kim Seon Ho and Lee Sang Yi will be a super hit. Get it produced already.
Okay so since everyone's being all sentimental here I thought I should share my thoughts as well.


This was the first drama I ever watch as it airs. Thought that I wouldn't enjoy it or that I'd lose interest pretty quickly as I'm very impatient, but HCCC was the perfect drama for me, especially at that time.


I don't know whether it's sad or beautiful, but this show was probably the only thing I looked forward to every week. My Saturdays and Sundays are usually filled with a lot of school work and responsibilities, and on top of that I've been battling with anxiety for a while, but this show managed to ease my anxiety and make me happy for those mere 2 hours a week, and I couldn't be more thankful. 


Another thing that I'm truly thankful for is these discussion threads after every episode. I rarely commented on them, but it was so fun to read everyone's thoughts and theories. It felt like we had our own Gongjin village on here and yall are the villagers. 


Here's to more dramas that'll fill our hearts with joy💖
My heart is full. Thank you HTCCC 🧡🧡 I love how they stayed true to themselves till the end, running away from the Gongjin friends to complete their photoshoot. 

There's a lot to adore in this episode. BUT ever since, I love how articulate HyeJin is especially with her feelings. It really is nice to see a character who shares her emotion - honestly and respectfully. 

If I could keep all those in my notebook, I would! Maybe I would though when I rewatch all again 😅🧡🤣

For me, the highlight of the show is HyeJin (and her clothes hehe!). She is strong without being disrespectful, she is warm and kind yet she knows to draw her boundaries so people would not cross it. She is genuine. She's posh but sweet and adorkable. 

I just love her. 🧡🧡

And, I will be seeing DuSik in 2D1N!! Haha 🧡🧡

I will be missing every discussion here! See you in the next - hopefully something as good and sensible yet chill like HTCCC will come again before the year ends. 

And yes, stay safe, stay well, give love everyday especially to the people you care about and to yourselves as well. Let us keep the lessons we learned from HTCCC and spread love, happiness, and kindness. 🙏
Well… it's finally come to an end. I’ll miss this drama so much. It's automatically gone straight to the top of my favourite list, and I wish I could just have more of dusik and hyejin smiling and living their lives. As always, this week's episodes were amazing. Yesterday's episode is probably my favourite because it made me cry throughout it all and I love to torture myself. Looking back I don't know why I wrote this much but I'm putting it here because I need to let it out somewhere. Thank you to the cast and crew who worked hard to create such an amazing show. It truly was a healing drama. I think it's one that's going to stay in my heart for quite some time.Through this show, I

 was able to fall in love with Kim Seonho. I watched start-up and I loved him there but the chemistry between him and shin minah made him shine to a whole new extent here. He’s just such an amazing actor. One of my favourite Bollywood actors is Shahrukh Khan and the similarity that I've noticed between him and Seonho is that their eyes are so expressive. They can convey a whole emotion just from their eyes. The last episode, obviously, Seonhos acting was amazing but even in this episode, the moment when he’s looking at Hyejin when she says “I’ve memorised the whole recipe” in the kitchen, like his EYESSSS. I had to pause for a moment. There were multiple small moments like that throughout the whole series, moments where I would have to pause because of his expression or the way he conveyed an emotion through his eyes, it's truly phenomenal to see.

ANYWAYS. MOVING ON before I type more. All my favourite shows are those that are focused around community and friendships, and so I was so happy when this show started. I think the only other one that I watched that focuses on the “small town/village community” is Racket Boys and that’s also one of my favourite shows. It just has such a homely feeling to it and seeing all the relationships between everyone makes my heart feel lighter. When I watched HomChaCha, I was very much reminded of it. If anyone knows more shows like these that focus on a village or a community of people, please recommend them!!I'm gonna miss watching this every weekend.

Comments from todays episode:

\- I’m glad they’re showing a simple natural death as well. Yes, deaths are heartbreaking, but its important to celebrate the good times that someone went through as well. She lived a full and happy life.

\- Her sons scene really made me think a lot. I hope that no matter what, I’ll always remember to cherish my mum. I hope I never become someone who puts her off, saying that I'll call her later because I know I'll regret it later in life. I wanna provide her with a good life. She’s done so much for me.

\- Every time dusk cries, I cry. SEONHO I DONT LIKE THIS TALENT OF YOURS.

\- Oooh a month break. Thank god.

\- Omg she said it. JI PD SAY SMTHING. NOOO SAY SMTHING. She left. JI PD what the hell. Why so slow.

\- Hey-Jin is officially my favourite FL ever. I fking love her omg. Her character development has just been so amazing and AHHH I just love her so much.

\- “Are you upset?” “No. I just feel like I lost my whole world” AHJDJASJ MI-SEON

\- I wanna hug Eun-Cheol omg. just. just. how can someone be this adorable?

\- LOL Mi-Seon wanting to build a house.

\- isn’t the product placement too much this episode. The dominoes. lol.

\- I love love love that hyejin proposed. I loved that she’s so confident and ambitious and just ugh have I said that I love her yet.

\- “Two pairs of shoes by the door, two toothbrushes in the bathroom.. in a house where we keep those, will you enjoy today, tomorrow, and all of your time with me?” AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

\- The way they discussed how hyejin should call dusik now. I'm. just. they're both so adorable.

\- Im so happy hwajeong is happy. Im just so happy for her.

\- “Your wings, shouldn’t an angel have them” AHHHHHHHH

\- My cheeks hurt omg. 

&#x200B;

Goodbye Gongjin. You’ll be missed.
Ahhh. That was a satisfying ending. I'm so happy and thankful with the ending.  Not a single person was left out. I love it so much! I can now sleep peacefully.
Ahh pour me into a mould and call me Dalgona, cos this episode has me drowning in sugar and feeling all melty and hot in the best possible way 😭😂😍

- I LOVED the proposal scene! Could SikHye be any cuter and chaotic? Seon-ho acted his heart out in this show overall, but the confused, disappointed mumbling after saying no to Hye-jin was just 🤌🏼

- This show does seemingly minor emotional moments so exceedingly well! The scenes with Writer Wang and Ji PD come to mind, but especially, today's episode resolved the awkwardness between Hye-jin and her stepmom so beautifully. Also the callback to Hye-jin wishing she could just treat her late mother to a meal, and then >!treating her stepmom to a meal!< instead, shows how much she has grown and come to appreciate the people in her life wholeheartedly

- I also liked the way the show shows how we all deal with grief and loss in different ways. My heart absolutely broke at how >!Gam-ri sshi's son calling out to Oumma over and over, and Du-sik just stoically sitting by him!<, as he has no doubt done again and again in his life. Then to see him >!finally break down with Hye-jin holding him!<, I'm so happy for Du-sik to have found a safe place at last.

- the >!funeral, the procession!<, it was all shot so beautifully, in bright colour, using the same wide angle shots that they've shown characters in before (ep 1 Du-sik and Hye-jin, later all three halmeoni-s in the field of flowers), really brought it home to me that death is yet another journey.

- we finally got Du-sik and Hye-jin fulfilling >!no. 101 on Hye-jin's bucket list!< and it was executed with such cuteness I cannot stand it!! Also, I noticed and was cackling at how !Hye-jin is fully covered while in bed, but they exposed a part of Du-sik's shoulder to confirm that they are, indeed, quite naked under the sheets!< 😂☺️

- finally, so happy that all the loose ends were tied up :) all Gongjin residents got the thing they were pining for, >!Writer Wang and Ji PD got a chance to be together, Do-ha got to see his father make significant progress in his healing!<... And our favorite Best Friend Mi-seon got her happy ending with diamond in the rough Eun-cheol, along with a >!fortune!< lol ❤️❤️
I-Jun and Bo Ra playing Squid Game HAHAHAH
Thank you to GaetCha for giving me 1280hours of my full range of emotions! I can now proudly say it's my favourite ROMCOM to date! 

>!I praise my own eyes for discovering you..!< was the best line this whole episode 😂😂😂

Also Hyejin >!doing up an agreement on who does what chores!< is something I wished I had done with my husband 14yrs ago lollll. 

Oh.. My heart is full today!
I can't be the only one worried about how I will ever recover from this drama. I feel like I'm losing my family. IS THIS NORMAL
They got married on a sunday!! Romantic sunday ~
Someone is gonna come back to this thread after watching this drama in a couple yrs and be as happy as us
It was a fun 8 weeks together folks! ‘til we meet again ❤️
Show, did you really need to make me cry my eyes out for 25 solid minutes at the beginning? Did not expect that. It was very cleansing, though, and made the fluff that followed even more flufftastic. I miss our Gongjin already.

Only complaint: I could have done without the Dominoes.

Oh and wasn’t someone doing a compendium of great lines? My entry is Miseon’s “I praise my own eyes for discovering you.” STAN the Queen.
Thank you HCCC for giving me the comfort that I need. It was such a beautiful healing, romantic, comedic drama. I’ve felt every lines and was able to use some of it in real life. When Gam-ri passed away, it was our celebration of 1st year death anniversary of my grandma. It hit me real hard - like it made me feel all the sadness and pain when we lost her. But those comforting lines that they said, made me realized that even though she’s gone now, she will always be there for me, guiding me and always proud of what have/will I achieve in life. 

Also, I would like to commend KSH and SMA for giving us a healthy couple goals. Their relationship was not toxic, they sometimes act like a teenager who just had their first love but at the end of the day they are a mature couple who understands each other and stand by each other until the end of the line. Made me realize too that I indeed have it with my girlfriend. It’s very rare to find someone who will stick by your side if they saw your best and worst of your chapter in life. The one who understands you if you don’t have the courage to tell how you feel but still waits for the time when you’re ready to open up.
[removed]
When I-Jun and Bo Ra has better chemistry than Dal Mi and Do San LOOOOL
 I thought I will be sad that it is over, instead I am basking in the warmth that it existed and I was part of romantic Saturday and Sunday. 

My heart is so full. 

Like words can't explain it.
OKAY! 

&#x200B;

Time to learn who the lottery winner is 👀 ladies and gentlemen, place your bets
To me, this didn't really feel like the story was ending. Just that the chapter has ended, but these characters will continue to live on with their lives happily together. In a way, it didn't feel like I was saying goodbye to them forever, I felt more like saying thank you for them sharing a part of their lives with me even just for a while. And while watching this episode, it felt like I was leaving Gongjin. It felt like I lived with them in this short period of time, and I lived through these experiences with them, but it's now time to go. It's time to move on and create experiences in my own life and find/create my own Gongjin. 

I will miss these characters and the home I've found in Gongjin, but they will always be there ready to welcome me should I ever need to go back. Just like they welcomed Hong Banjang indifferently without questions but with overwhelming warmth. 

I will forever be grateful to have discovered this show. This show has felt like such a long warm hug and I will forever remember its embrace that came during a time I needed it most. Thank you, Gongjin. Thank you, HomeCha.
Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha, I know this is not the end. See you in the 2022 Baeksang Awards 😉
I literally started crying barely 2 mins in. What a fitting send off for our beloved Gamri-ssi. That wideshot of the procession through the fields, underneath a cloudy sky, wow. Also love the way each of the gongjin motley crew had their time to remember her. Dusik finally has a loved one with him as he pours out his grief. 

It was all fluff and ppls after that, not that I’m complaining. I am dying for dominoes now with garlic sauce lol. I found it interesting to hear both Dusik and Hyejin’s voice overs esp Dusik’s, their hearts are truely opened up now, letting the audience know their thoughts.

Man, that proposal scene was a mess hahha! I got a huge chuckle out of it when the reverse track played and he fumbled all over his words. Proposing with shoes and diamond necklaces could be the next trendy thing after this methinks! 

Lastly (whew I wrote alot!!), for two months I’ve looked forward to the weekends because of HomeCha. I’ve lost count of how many times I ended up not caring how a drama ends when it started to lose steam midway. It never happened for HomeCha and I was engaged throughout. Not just because of my huge bias with ksh, but everyone else including all the side casts performed beautifully and made me care about their stories. It was also awesome interacting in this sub, thanks all for making these two months so memorable.
I'm in crisis...I don't know how to function anymore...BECAUSE HOMCHA JUST ENDED!!! I will miss my romantic saturdays and sundays!!!


I LOVE EVERYTHING. I LOVE HOW EVERYTHING MADE SENSE AND FELL INTO PLACE. I LOVE THE HEARTFELT DIALOGUES...AND I LOVE THE CHARACTERS.

This drama made me so happy and satisfied in ways I couldn't describe in words. I don't want to compare this to Start Up again but I just can't stop  looking back how my heart was so crushed and now here we are...I am so happy with the ending especially how >! Hyejin and Dusik proposed to each other sweetly and just happily...and it just felt authentic and realistic...sorry for the run on sentence--I just love it so so much !<

The writing of this drama is just perfect. It is like everything has a reason--just like in life and how everything fell into place gave me peace and healing just like how Kim Seon Ho described it.

The acting by ALL -- i mean ALL OF THE CHARACTERS especially Kim Seon Ho and Shin Min ah is so moving and topnotch!!! I ALSO LOVED THE CHILDREN'S ACTING!!

I have watched more than a hundred kdramas but I have never encountered one like this. I am glad that there is no villains but there is life.

I would never forget Hometown Cha Cha Cha. It is what we all needed in the midst of being in the world that we are today. It was like a long and healing vacation that I hoped would never end. All the tears and all the laughter-- I am just so thankful. Thank you Writernim, Pdnim, actors and staff. You just made our saturdays and sundays better if not best.
8 weeks, 16 amazing episodes, millions of hearts captured! Go and flex those PPLs! Dominos, kopiko and basically every company(too many ppls to keep count😭) are just as whipped for homcha!
How are we feeling about Seon-ho's best actor chances? Honestly feeling pretty good, but I wouldn't mind anyone pulling me back to earth... I was just in AWE of his performance here, but I'm not really that familiar with what these Korean award-giving bodies gravitate to.
Ijun: "Choi Bo ra, you know what my giving you a heart means, right?"

...

Bora: "It's just a shape!"

HAHAHAHA, Ijun will grow up to be a fine young man. I live for a spin off right here!

I will also miss the Du-sik and Seong-hyun bromance. I approve of that Domino's commercial to market pizza does in fact bring people together.

Overall, HTCCC was the realistic slice of life Kdrama I didn't realize I needed this year and it was definitely executed well!
Nothing is ever going to top this finale. Hands down the best ending episode ever! I’m now ruined for future dramas that don’t meet the same expectations as HCCC. Thank you Cha-Cha-Cha for an unforgettable watching experience!
So, I really think k DS and HJ were laughing at the trick they pulled on us viewers when talking all mournfully about HJ packing.
Was anyone else wondering where the baby was each time BoRa's family was on screen?
I don't know if I'm prepared for the emotional roller-coaster ride.

Edit: can we break up the sadness with some Euncheol x Miseon-unnie moments, please 😭
I loved the show. I only have one unanswered question. Why was Bora blond?
When they were in bed together the song lyric was "deep inside....."
Ramblings about little things: 
Touched as I was throughout this drama, I didn't cry until >!Gam-ri's letter.!<

Eun-chol accidentally >!showing Mi-seon the wrong set of lottery numbers..... she's so tender with him! Almost any other woman in Gongjin would have smacked the offending mate on the back or arm!<

The sweet scenes with Hwa Jeong and Yun Geok. Their warmth toward each other. I feel like he didn't come off as ridiculous or petty anymore. More like the hero who had visited her mom in the hospital years ago.

My favorite Gongjin resident, Chun Jae, comments on double digit ratings, >!gets the call to be on the cool show. I've been rooting for that guy all along. I love how Ju-ri confirms its a cool show but I'm disappointed how quickly she pivots to DOS!!< I love the character and I'm so glad who they chose to play him. Honestly, I can't say he played him 180 degrees different than his character on Vincenzo in that both were awkwardly self-aware and emotive. I'm going to look up this actor's works. With the build and deep voice, he could be quite the villain! (Being Han-seok's reluctant attorney doesn't count bc he was still very scared and leaned a lot on what vincenzo might accomplish)

How Ji PD drove to Gongjin to talk with his hyung Du Shik. Best advice from DS!

The adorable scene where >!the residents are gathered to watch the Grasshopper show and one halmoni says we'll get to see Gam-ri (on the show) again! I love how the residents were concerned about their less than stellar points (cursing, arm pits)!<

DS wonders >!how long HJ will continue to call him Chief Hong. She finally chooses Jagi. Right from a formality to an endearing term!!! I wish she'd switched before the proposal!<

When Eun chul hugs MS at the water front after discussing >!a future house and she appreciates how cool he is, we see his adorable expression during the fist part of the hug, then we see hers. I feel like he is the strongest hearted man and his sweet childlike blink and smile is the tenderest thing.!<
Wa. They went ham with the PPLs today huh?
It's the drama that I cried the most watching, yet at the same time, this is the happiest drama I watched.
&#x200B;

|**----------------------------------------------- \[ OUR CARD OF TROPES \] ----------------------------------------------**|
|:-|


| [Ep 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pdt1b2/hometown_chachacha_episode_2/hb02qo0?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/phlu55/hometown_chachacha_episode_3/hbkaa86?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pi7mzp/hometown_chachacha_episode_4/hbr1nqi?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 5](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pm2jea/hometown_chachacha_episode_5/hcf290i?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pmobrr/hometown_chachacha_episode_6/hcjxs6w?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 7](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pqjs27/hometown_chachacha_episode_7/hdbf9o1?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 8](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pr4yr9/comment/hdg9xvu/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 9](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pv40jd/comment/he7woca/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 10](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pvqzr6/comment/heg9cty/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 11-12](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pzouji/comment/hf2ouh5/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pzouji/comment/hf2ouh5/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pzouji/comment/hf2ouh5/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 13-14](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/q54p1n/comment/hg3441e/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Ep 15](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/q967po/comment/hguictn/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | EP 16 |

HERE WE GO FOR ONE LAST TIME: Happy HomCha day everyone!!! <3333333 

It's been an absolute pleasure being part of this beautiful little Gongin community of ours. Hope we all get to meet again soon for Seon Ho's next project! :D

***TROPES:***

1. ~~Childhood connection~~ >!\[Ep 2\]!<
2. ~~FL (trips and) falls into ML's arms~~ `x2`>!\[Ep 2\] at the rocks!< and >!\[Ep 6\] when Juri pushes HJ!<
3. ~~Naked ML torso/shower scene~~ >!\[Ep 1\]!<
4. ~~Watching the other lead fall asleep and smiling~~ >!\[Ep 3\]!<
5. ~~ML/FL getting flustered about wrapping arms around FL/ML during situation (e.g. motorbike/vespa ride)~~ \~TROPE DEVIATION >!\[Ep 3\] w/ Dusik wrapping arms around Gamri Halmeoni!<
6. ~~"Drunk" Piggyback Ride~~ >!\[Ep 4\]!<
7. ~~A Drinking scene ensues a heartfelt conversation/raw emotions~~ `x2`>!\[Ep 4\]!< and >!\[Ep 7\]!<
8. ~~​ DENIAL OF FEELINGS~~ >!\[Ep 5\]  and onwards!<
9. ~~Hand Grab~~ >!\[Ep 5\] when DS grabs HJ's hand and runs to the beach!<
10. ~~Sharing the same bed/floor~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
11. ~~Umbrella Sharing~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
12. ~~"The Bones in the Closet" - MC has a dark past that has hindered them for years and it becomes one of the main hurdles they must overcome~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
13. ~~Makeover~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
14. ~~Surprised open-eyed kiss~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
15. ~~FL unknowingly sleeps next to ML and most likely also uses his arm as a pillow~~>!\[Ep 5\]!<
16. ~~ML/FL wakes up first and looks lovingly/admiringly at FL/ML~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
17. ~~ML/FL wipes something off the FL/ML's face~~ `x2`>!\[Ep 5\] they both do it!<
18. ​~~ML/FL falling asleep during journey, with FL/ML being super patient, and letting them sleep until they wake up naturally, several hours later~~ >!\[Ep 3\]!<
19. ~~FL saying something is pretty, to which ML responds by agreeing, but is looking at her, and calling her pretty instead 😅~~ `x2` >!\[Ep 6\] during the fireworks!< and \~TROPE DEVIATION>!\[Ep 5\] w/ Dusik complimenting the halmeonis <3!<
20. ~~MCs enjoy the rain~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
21. ~~Happy beach scene~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
22. ~~MC is going through a tough time and is sad and lonely in the rain~~ `x2`>!Dusik both times, at the beginning of \[Ep 6\], and \[Ep 8\]!<
23. ~~Someone almost falling and being rescued~~ `x5` >!Sikhye x2 (see Trope #2), ML saves SML \[Ep 5\], ML is saved by FL and SML\[Ep 6\], hwajeongs rescue\[Ep 13\]!<
24. ~~ML/FL too tired/drunk so they rest their head on FL/ML's shoulder~~ >!\[Ep 7\]'s epilogue!<
25. ~~Budding bromance between ML and SML~~ >!\[Ep 7\]!<
26. ~~ML whips up a snack/meal for FL and/or others~~ `x3`>!\[Ep 4\], \[Ep 7\], \[Ep 13\]!<
27. ~~FL doing aegyo~~ >!\[Ep 7\] w/ Du Shikkieeeeeee!! Also, see: episodes 11 and 12!<
28. ~~Crazy Product placement scenes: Kopiko candy~~ `x4` >!\[Ep 2ish?\]: Ijun's dad, \[Ep 5\]: Pyo Miseon , \[Ep 7\]: Ji PD and Dusik, \[Ep 13\]: Ji PD and writer Wang!<, ~~luxury car (Audi)~~ >!\[Ep 1 onwards\]!<, beverage - not done yet
29. ~~Rooftop apartment scenes~~ >!\[Ep 1\]!<
30. ~~Someone having toilet troubles lol/Poop jokes~~ >!\[Ep 5\]!<
31. ~~Lead(s) blacking out after drinking session and/or saying, "I should stop drinking so much."~~ `x2`>!\[Ep 5\]!< and >!\[Ep 7\]!<
32. ~~An almost kiss~~`x2` >!\[Ep 8\],\[Ep 11\]!<
33. ~~Tending/Fixing the wounds of the other~~ >!\[Ep 8\]!<
34. ~~ML/FL gets sick and the other takes care of him/her~~ >!\[Ep 8\]!<
35. ~~Hospital scene~~ >!\[Ep 8\] w/ Namsook ahjumma's heart-wrenching backstory!<
36. ~~City-dwelling FL can't cook~~ >!\[Ep 8\]!<
37. ~~Opposites attract! (I can't believe it took me until #55 to write this one down)~~ >!\[Ep 4\] if we had to put a number down.!<
38. ~~ML/FL eats something made/given by FL/ML even though it tastes awful~~ `x3`>!\[Ep 8\] her with the tea, him with the porridge, \[Ep 14\]!<
39. ~~Sweet SML (who is already good friends with FL) induces a jealous ML~~>!\[Ep 8\]!<
40. ~~(Potential) Dangerous situation prompts an otherwise not possible, heart-fluttering run and hug scene~~ >!\[Ep 8\]!<
41. ~~FL walking alone at night runs into (potential) stalker AND doesn't have her phone/drops her phone/phone battery is dead~~ yes, to all of the above >!\[Ep 8\]!<
42. ~~Asking to "go eat ramyeon"~~ \~TROPE DEVIATION >!\[Ep 7\]!<
43. ~~Ramyeon eating session~~ >!\[Ep 7\]!<
44. ~~Alternative method of asking to "go eat ramyeon"/Do you want ice cream? 😂😂~~ Partially achietved >!\[Ep 3\]!<
45. Close-up of clenched fist. Partially achieved >!\[Ep 4\] w/ drunk Hyejin's little fists!<
46. A forgotten confession - due to other person being too drunk/asleep at the time. Partially achieved >!\[Ep 5\] w/ Hye Jin's forgotten kiss!<
47. FL/ML experiences unexpected warmth from ML/FL's family. Partially achieved >!\[Ep 3\] w/ Hye Jin and Gam Ri Halmeoni!< and >!\[Ep 9\] when Hye Jin's Dad tells Du Sik, "that guy could be you"?!<
48. FL says she's cold so ML tucks her hand into his pocket (please, imagine Dusik doing this <3) Partially complete \~[TROPE INVERSION](https://twitter.com/seonhocutest/status/1435858261152964609): ~~FL says she is~~ *~~too hot~~* ~~so ML puts his icy cold hands around her face~~ >!\[Ep 4\]!<
49. ~~ML/FL keep crossing paths even before they "know" each other/"~~[~~Ah, they were always meant to be!~~](https://twitter.com/acapitalchick/status/1449618150346080257?s=20)~~"~~ `x3` >!\[Ep 2\] \[Ep 6\]\[Ep 15\]!<
50. ~~Fake Relationship~~ >!\[Ep 9\]!<
51. ~~Parents (living faraway) drop by for a "visit"~~ >!\[Ep 9\]!<
52. ~~Love Triangle~~ >!\[Ep 9\]!< (hopefully not too much though)
53. ~~Parent(s) take issue with the love line/disapprove of ML/FL~~ >!\[Ep 9\]!<
54. ~~Forced Cohabitation~~ >!\[Ep 10\]!<
55. ~~Heart fluttering confession scene~~ >!\[Ep 10\]!<
56. ~~ML saves FL from danger by risking his own life~~ >!\[Ep 10\]!<
57. ~~MCs secretly dating~~ >!\[Ep 11!\]!<
58. Lead(s) transitioning from formal/full names to calling each other informally/by their first names. Partially achieved >!\[Ep 4\] w/ Dusikieeeee, and \[Ep 10\] w/ Hyejin-a!! Ep 14 update: Dusik does it regularly, but Hyejin doesn't yet.!<
59. ~~Back hugs!!~~ >!\[Ep 13\]!<
60. Heart fluttering/heart warming hugs count: `x5` >!Sikhye: potential stalker prompted hug, ep 11 hugs (2), DS's birthday hug, Miseon-Euncheol: Ep 13  hug!<

\---- continue to part 2 below ----
This episode had me crying in the first twenty minutes, but what came after was a wave of warmth and happiness.

I will miss Gongjin so much in the weekends to come. Thank you to everyone here at r/KDRAMA  as well, for making me laugh with all the comments and being the friends I run to discuss the episodes with. ❤️
Saving my thoughts on the series as a whole in the wrap up discussion thread, but this is my favorite drama of 2021 by far. Not that I’ve seen a lot, but still.

It really is a healing drama for those of us traumatized by how they dealt with HJP in Start-Up lol. 😂

Various random finale thoughts:

1.  Wish there was a finale scene with Dusik meeting Hye Jin’s father again. Was the actor not available to shoot anymore? Haha 

2.  Seems like they forgot the baby after that episode where he was born. Hahaha.

3.  I wanted there to be a montage at the end where they show the couple doing the bucket list activities… really wanted to see Shin Min Ah surfing lol. Missed opportunity.
When SikHye announced >! “We’re getting married! !< to the Gongjin residents and they all ran to hug and congratulate the couple, damn happy tears flowing and all smiles. Such a beautiful community
Ok, random Q. Why do people find Du-sik’s name funny? 🙈
Until the end, this drama has given us nothing but awesomeness. No doubt, Hometown Cha Cha Cha and its life lessons will be remembered for many, many years to come! This has now become the high standard we have set for future dramas to come. Especially the characters!! Oh, how sweet it is to finally have met kdrama people who talked and made decisions like real people with real feelings.

 I am very fortunate to have live-watched this legendary drama and fangirled after every episode here in this sub. Thank you to everyone who made this online discourse possible!
🥲 Wow, I can’t believe it’s over. The withdrawal is already hitting lol, I felt it as the episode came to a close; I haven’t felt this kind of way about a drama ending in awhile! 

We truly got the healing series that we were promised! I was on such a high watching the finale. Some of my fav things in no particular order: 

-	The Dominos PPL was too much LOL I cracked up so hard. OFC they did, esp with KSH being the current rep/ambassador. The garlic / hot sauce exchange just goes to show that Dushik and Ji PD are compatible 😜 (no squabbling over who gets what, it’s like the olive analogy lol)
-	That >!‘it’s a good opportunity’ / Hyejin packing for Seoul fakeout!< was great, and I was so warmed to see how supportive Dushik was of her, regardless of her choice. What was even more touching was Hyejin professing her love for Gongjin. GROWTH
-	Gamri halmonni’s letter to Dushik broke my heart a little. Knowing that she won’t be around to see the wedding and how happy Hyejin has made him was incredibly bittersweet and so reflective of life, it hit hard. I could go on about this, but just, knowing that she passed right after Dushik forgave himself but didn’t get a chance to /see him/ again after that and get confirmation he was alright is actually really sad lol. What I loved though was how well Dushik took Gamri’s passing, that he made it more about how she *lived* and the consolation he gave to her grieving son was so insightful. 
-	Speaking of, the bit with the son realizing his neglect and regretting not cherishing his mother more while she was alive was just too real. Today’s actually my dad’s birthday— he passed almost 12 years ago when I was still an ungrateful ~~kid~~ brat and didn’t show my love or gratitude enough, and that’s still my biggest regret to-date. LIFE IS TOO SHORT YA’LL, invest in the people you love and care about 😭
-	*”People should live among other people,”* was such a simple line, but basically characterizes human nature—we’re inherently social beings and we live our best lives when they’re full of meaningful relationships/friendships. I feel like this drama captured and delivered this universal truth so well—it’s the people that make life worthwhile. I hope to have found my own little piece of Gongjin by the time I’m old. 
-	KSH and SMA being cutesy is altogether too much and not enough LOL I live for their interactions as Dushik and Hyejin. If it hasn’t been said enough, their chemistry is off the charts, and you can tell they were having fun. That >!double proposal!< though 😂🥰
-	Gongjin’s mystery #3 solved!! haha how fitting it was >!Eun-Cheol,!< esp with their lottery exchange before. 
-	Hwa-jeong rushing off like that to see Yeong-guk was the real mvp hhaahah

It’s been a real pleasure watching this drama with you all and being able to participate in discussions together (thank you OP for hosting 💙!!). I’m so grateful to Hometown Cha Cha Cha for carrying me through the last couple of months—this drama was such a light at the end of the tunnel each week, my weekends will surely feel empty for a bit. Methinks in order to fully let this drama go, I will have to rewatch/binge all 16 eps :) That’s one of the upsides to the series coming to an end :P
Lmaoo when the writer screamed at jipd for his shoes😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
if it's healing why my eyes look like someone-punched-me-swollen.

# how can i move on guys???! tell me ?!?! 

#
First k-drama where I truly loved every character and was not bored in scenes that depicted people other than ML and FL. The SML is by far the best character I’ve ever seen. This is hands down my favorite K-drama show ever and I’m so excited to binge re-watch all of the episodes. I’m so glad to see everyone on here had the same feelings and loved this show tremendously. I enjoyed sharing this experience with you all!
My heart feels so full it could burst any moment. Maybe the withdrawal symptoms will hit me later but for now, I’m content to send our beloved couple away on their lifelong journey with each other. The proposals were nothing short of perfect - two lonely souls that finally found a home and companionship in each other. Dusik’s shoe got swept away by the waves then quickly found back is like a reflection of how Dusik won’t be adrift anymore now that he has Hyejin by his side. 

And I absolutely love that until the very last moments of the show, Hyejin was still
given character growth, evident with the way she didn’t care for a fancy studio wedding photoshoot but opted for something more personal and meaningful instead. She gestured to herself as the glamour part of the wedding concept loI. I agree wholeheartedly. Who needs an overpriced photoshoot in a closed studio when you can have the endless blue sky of Gongjin as the background and yourself a picture of magnificence. The photos did turn out great - I wish some of them will get included in the photo essay. I already placed an order lmao. My self-restraint is nonexistent when it comes to Homecha.
Dear Netflix, would it kill you to put context around language jokes? I’m still a relative beginner, so I know I’m probably only catching a fraction of these. The latest one:
When bora’s parents were talking about the town hall changing names, there was a pun that was kinda sweet but totally missed in the subs. A better translation might be:

Dad: It’s not called the town hall any more, it’s called Habitable Peerless Meeting Center
Mom: That’s too long and complicated …
Dad: Then call it Happy Center for short (<— this is the play on words)
Dad: So I work at the Happy Center and I want to be your personal Happy Center too. i will be open 24/7 and respond to your complaints promptly.

I’ve paraphrased a bit for brevity, but at least it kept the core meaning. Basically the Netflix subs made it seem like there’s this weird convo about being a bureaucrat at home, when it is really more about  him promising to make her happy ( in a dad-joke kinda way). Which also explains why she  her rolled her eyes and had that classic Dad joke victim look.
I’m such a sucker for romcom lmao!! Thank god HTCCC delivered! This was such a fun journey. 

>!It was so funny how Miseon told Hyejin DS might say no lol and he did! 🤣!<
Thank You Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha ❤.

One of the best heartwarming shows i have seen in a long while. Brilliant casts, a fitting storyline involving everyone and some amazing OSTs and excellent cinematography. 2 months have went by so quick and the show had me smiling and at times in tears. But suffice to say that i have truly enjoyed this beautifully made show.

Surely the almost a year wait after startup, Kim Seon Ho totally delivered a cracking performance and im so glad for him, hoping to see more of him in the coming year.
I was not even a full 10 minutes into the episode and was already crying my eyes out. 😭

"Du-sik-ah, people should live among other people. Life may seem like a burden to you at times, but if you choose to be among others, just like you did for me, someone will carry you on their back." 

Such wise words from Ms. Gam-ri, our halmeoni. 

Thank you Gongjin, for being our place of healing each week. 

All the awards for the cast and crew. They deserve it all.

It has been fun walking the streets of Gongjin with you all. Here's to our Romantic Saturdays and Sundays.
**Mod Note:**

We will be implementing a moratorium on posts about **Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha** in accordance with our[ Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/wiki/rules#wiki_recently_aired_dramas) on recently aired dramas.

The moratorium will be implemented as follows:

* This **discussion post** will serve as the discussion thread for the series until the **Post Finale discussion post** is made on **Sunday 31st of October** (or earlier if this post exceeds 2000 comments). Following that an additional post may be made if that thread exceeds 2000 comments. All discussion of the series will be directed to these posts or an appropriate weekly/FFA post until **Monday 15th of November, 2021** (KST).

* There will be a **Review Megathread** for the series posted on **Wednesday ~~20th~~ 27th of October**. All reviews for the series will be directed there for the next 6 months until the post archives.

* Eligible Designated Day submissions are exempt from the moratorium.

---

**Flair Passport System:** A big thank you to everyone who participated in these discussions and helped us test out the use of the flair passports in managing user's participation within on-air discussions. Throughout the series we have had minimal user conduct issues and are really happy with the functionality of the user flairs. ~~I will update this message later in the week when we switch off the user flair system for these posts.~~ Looks like we wont be removing these.

---

Edit 18/1/21: We are pushing back the review megathread a week.

If you haven't previously read it, please take a read through [/r/KDRAMA, the "Hot Gossip" and You"](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/msfkg3/rkdrama_the_hot_gossip_and_you/). This post is just for the discussion of the Korean drama Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha, and /r/KDRAMA is just for the discussion of Korean dramas not any real life drama that is being speculated. Please take your gossip to another corner of the internet. 

**Any users who have comments removed due to not respecting the private lives of actors will have their on-air passports revoked.**
Namsook and Hwajeong looking at their aegyo was us hahahaha
Honestly couldn't of asked for a more fittingly beautiful ending. There's only a few shows out there like Reply 1988 that make my heart ache the entirety of the last episode and this is right up there. They handled Granny Gam-ri's passing in such a respectable way, beyond just an expression of sadness but a celebration of the wholesome life she lived and all the people connected with her. The only regret in life is that time is limited but its also the opportunity to reminisce about good times and plan to make the most of what remains. >!I thought Du-sik especially might of been down by not having the chance to see her before she went because he was in a difficult place, but it really was nicer seeing him not held up in hindsight about the harshness of a limited mortality but recognising that the memories left behind are forever. Honestly I was putting on a brave face not trying to process it too quickly like Du-sik but when he read her letter, it just all came out 🥺.!<

I'm so glad that we got to see them make even more happier memories though. I've never experienced such a fulfilling ending to so many stories as well. They didn't leave a single stone unturned >!from the lottery mystery, cute little dalgona confession, all the secondary couples linking up and just everyone enjoying just pure wholesome vibes. And to top it off the final proposal puts you in the perfect mood to end.!< I'm really going to miss this. Also, just big shout-out to all the production involved because the atmosphere, cinematography, music and script radiated warmth and was the feeling I looked forward to most and will miss on my weekends.
Hometown Cha Cha Cha - a series about the little things and blessings of life and how it should be lived with warmth amidst people who care for you. The premise is so simple, yet just what we need in recent depressing times. I hope we all find our Gongjin where we are seen and loved. 

You know, we never know who’s behind the keyboard and what stories they hold. But we are all here sharing something in common. Here’s to all of you beautiful people on this online “Gongjin”. Hope the company brought some cheer to you.
Wow. thank u so much redditors, kdrama reddit made some noise again. I love, love this community so much. Uhm, i just wanna say, particularly to those, who watched seonho for the first time, through this drama. thank you, for giving your time to invest to him, and to this drama as well.  


Well, pretty much this ep was what we needed after that last episode. It's like a reminder that "hey, we're still a romcom, we're still gonna give you a happy ending. we're going to heal."  Honestly for the expectations of the general public, considering that this is a romcom? homcha exceeded. homcha stands out. it's honestly not your so typical kdrama romcom with a typical plot, i mean yeah sure there were cliche moments, but some of our expectations were actually wrong. i remember that ep 10 confession where everyone thought dusik would reject her, as it is the typical plot for a romcom kdrama. but no. we were all surprised. and i think that's the beauty of this drama. it's more than just a romcom. it has substance. it has lessons. it has, healing.   


I think, the only issue that i can see, in my opinion, is the >!remarriage of the divorcees!<. nonetheless, it's not a big deal for me anymore, homcha is still a masterpiece.  


Considering that wtcb and homcha kinda sits in the same table, i think homcha deserves to be nominated in several year-end award shows, including baeksang. Honestly, i want this show to be at least nominated in:  


* **Best Actor**
* and **Best Screenplay**

but hey, why not all categories right? Yeah. I want this drama to sweep award shows. Thank you all so much kdrama redditors. Until next seonho's drama.
Hometown Cha Cha Cha will be in my heart for the rest of my life.  I just know that Hometown Cha Cha Cha has intensified the yearning for certain things in life that I had refused to acknowledge for a long time. My heart is breaking. I haven't felt this devasted by the end of a show in a long time. 

Throughout today's episode, I kept on replaying scenes between Hye Jin and Du Sik. They are the perfect couple. I love the way they ended the episode. I am so glad that I watched the show as it was released instead of bingeing it in two days. That added a lot to the watching experience. 

Director Yu Je Won did a great job. I am going to be an avid viewer of all of his upcoming work.

All the other commenters have articulated their thoughts so well, but my head is a mess right now!

Goodbye, Hometown Cha Cha Cha! <3
Hyejin's line "I love this place (Gongjin) as much as you do" sums up this whole show perfectly. Yes, Min-ah and Seon Ho had unbelievable chemistry and every actor on this show is phenomenal —but what made it truly special is that it portrayed how a community can show up for one another, can lift each other when one has fallen down, can help you discover new perspectives and break down biases, and can be your chosen family. Will truly miss our seaside Gongjin 💕
I keep trying to write something about these last two episodes… but I’m just coming up empty. I’m sure I’ll come back with more thoughts in the next couple of days, but for now, I’m just sitting here overflowing with emotions. 

I’m so grateful to have watched and connected with conversations and stories of love, loss, trauma, and acceptance. And for all of you too. I’m grateful for this community that we’ve created together ♥️
Our sikhye couple!! This was such a sweet episode that wrapped up the ending for this drama.

From the super cute proposal all the way to the chaos that ensued when sikhye were trying to take wedding photos together LOL i loved every bit of it. I can't get enough of dushik's panic when the proposal went down HAHA

Some final thoughts:

* This was a very sweet and healing drama >!but tbh why did grandma have to leave like that without seeing dushik's happiness ;\_\_\_; knowing that she was dushik's savior and the scene where they read grandma's letter together...just punch me in the gut why don't you!<
* Dushik's character setting made him quite possibly the most unfortunate person in this universe. after getting to know the story behind the security guard and his hyung though...none of it was really dushik's fault!! he just got caught up in it ):
* To be honest, i don't love the whole "i just needed someone to blame but i'm fine now and it's okay for you to be happy i guess" trope. the writers shrouded dushik's past in mystery and slipped bits and pieces of his past throughout the episodes... but the reveal + resolve happened in about 1 episode? wasn't my favorite but i'm glad we got to see dushik come to terms with everything that's happened
* I liked how the show touched upon a variety of topics with importance but in a lighthearted fashion where it touched our hearts. that's kinda why i enjoy dramas that focuses not only on the main characters but also the extended cast. we got to know little bits of everyone in the village, their internal/external struggles, their relationships with each other, and just highlighting everything human about them. lowkey reminded me of vincenzo's corn salad family a little if you know what i mean haha
* JI PD!!!!!! is honestly the true mvp of the show. I'm really happy with the way the writers wrote him. throughout the entire show, he stayed lovable, didn't do anything questionable, stayed true to his character, and that bromance with dushik? simply perfection. what a gentleman
* dushik and his baggy pants + plaid shirts <3 please never dress up nicely because it'll be the death of us lOL
* forever appreciation for hyejin being herself despite the circumstances, being the most patient + understanding when it came to dushik, opening up to the people of gongjin, and showing us what an independent woman who treats herself looks like with that impeccable wardrobe & those luxury mini bags. go hyejin!

i'm going to miss the people of gongjin and our dimple couple so much!!! weekends are just not going to be the same. yet another great drama from kim seonho and shin minah!
I don’t know if it’s my bias for this drama but they really wrapped up HCCC well, it’s been a while since I’ve watch a drama where I felt content with the ending. This drama brought me so many laughs and so many tears and I will miss streaming this drama every weekend, will miss each and every character and their stories and mostly I will miss watching the cute and loveable Sikhye. 

Looking forward to the writers next drama and I hope it will be just as good as HCCC.
IJUN AND BORA ARE SO FREAKIN' ADORABLE. I REALLY CANNOT.
Favorite episode yet! I’m gonna miss homcha so much, it made my weekends SOOO much better. it’s one of, maybe even my favorite drama ever. i’m gonna rewatch every time i’m feeling down, it will totally bring me back up. 

Thank you to everyone involved that made such this a memorable drama for everyone!
Borrowing Hye-jin's words that she said to Ji PD.. 'When they said 'healing drama', some days it was meant as it is, some days it was 'let's play', some days it was 'well done', and some days it was 'let's be happy''... It was a comforting drama indeed! I'll miss it dearly.
This is my first time watching a k-drama as it was airing instead of just binging it, and it was such a different experience. 

They really did not disappoint with this finale and made sure we experienced a great last romantic Sunday ❤️ These last two episodes made me cry all the tears, and I don’t usually cry when I’m watching something. The pacing, the writing, the visuals, the acting and side stories...everything about this show was so on point. It has definitely officially become one of my favourite dramas and my new comfort show. I think my next few weekends are going to feel a little empty without the Gongjin neighbours, but I’m so excited to see what they all do next.
I still haven't collected all my thoughts from the last 2 episodes... but I did start re-watching already lol. hyejin doesn't narrate throughout the show, but she does a bit of it in the first couple of episodes, and maybe randomly throughout the show that I can't remember right now (I do remember there was a short voiceover when her dad visited and they had a meal together with dusik)

but anyways... I just realized that we got a voiceover from dusik in last night's episode. I can't say for sure, but I'm pretty sure this is the first time he's had one (someone please correct me if I'm wrong) and I realized it's probably because no one was privy to his thoughts before. not hyejin, not the town, not even the viewers. but he's finally on his path to healing and he's learning to be open, so we get to hear it.

I love that they wrote the show this way, we got to discover and experience gongjin and its people the same way hyejin did. it made you empathize and genuinely feel attached to the characters without even realizing it. I was a couple of weeks late starting the show, so I had about 6 episodes to binge. then once I was done that and had to start waiting weekly, it hit me that this show wormed its way into my heart I cared so much about these characters and their stories
I've watched so many kdramas yet i still can't get used to saying goodbye. For 8 weeks, homcha has motivated me and made the weekends amazing! I felt all kinds of emotions watching this show and the ending has to be one of the most satisfying! My heart is filled yet empty  at the same time... what a wonderful drama!
All-time favorite kdrama LOCKED. Thank you so much to the Homcha team! I will be looking out for the future works of everyone involved.  Not just of Seon-ho and Min-ah, but also of all the supporting cast, the director, and the writer! I love you, Homcha! Fighting!! ♥︎
I thought it’s fitting to open and end the series with both scenes shot by the boat up on the hill. Only in the finale, we now have our Hyejin and Dusik as a couple who’s ready to face both calm and rough seas ahead of them. My heart is full knowing that they, and everyone else in Gongjin are now at a better place than when we all first met them. I couldn’t hope for a more perfect ending. 

As a viewer I have learned so many things from this show, and felt so many emotions throughout the journey - almost as if I was on that boat sailing through life. My hope is that I too, can experience to love unconditionally and be loved in the same way in return. 

To everyone who had worked hard for this show to be so great as it is, THANK YOU. To everyone here on Reddit, thank you for making the viewing experience much richer than it already is! Until our next Romantic Sunday!

CONGRATULATIONS HOMCHA!!! ILY!!! 💚💛💙
LOVE LESSON: Ladies, take the lead! 💕
✅Hye Jin confessed first.
✅Hye Jin proposed first.

Aww. Happy for Du Sik and Hye Jin!🍻

Love lots GONGJIN pips! ❤️
i watched ep 15 and 16 together and damn, my eyes are as swollen as fishballs. 

just some thoughts - (i’m still young and healthy hahaha) in my asian culture, people are always in full dark clothes while paying their last respects. i’ve told my parents and friends that i imagined my own funeral to be fun and upbeat and for them to play my fav songs over, as a celebration of my life and to have all my loved ones gathering together.

seeing how they played out grandma gam-ri’s funeral, it really warmed my heart. yes, death and grief is a bitch and we will never get used to it, but how we approach it can be different. grandma gam-ri’s approach of wanting it to be a fun-ish gathering of the whole village really made me tear - it’s as chaotic as how their usual gatherings are, but at the same time they remember, grief and love the Grandma of Gongjin. that’s painful yet beautiful at the same time. and also it solidify my plans to have smth similar as what grandma gam-ri did heh. 🤍

other things i love:

• sikhye’s proposal - dAAANG both of them are on the same page in life now :’) 

• gongjin wedding photoshoot…. it’s as chaotic as i imagined it to be

• i-jun and bora being the best pals and literal children versions of hyejin and dusik

• lunch between hyejin and her stepmom - that’s such a wholesome conversation and it shows us that indeed there can be healthy relationships between step-relatives ♥️ and her stepmom’s words, “there will always be a place for dusik” 🥺 our good boy has a new family!! 

•JI PD LEVEL UP he deserves all the happiness in the world too!!!! 

thank you gongjin group chat :’) i’m gonna be dealing with my withdrawals by camping out at this comment section + rewatching the show. what a beautiful, healing drama 🥰
The best Kdrama I've watched for a loooooong time. Perfect cast, romance, comedy, relationships, phrases, up and down, plots and importantly, perfect place to film this. Everything in Gongjin are just pure beauty. 💯

Now that it's over, what am i gonna do every weekend. It felt so lonely without 'La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, romantic Sunday'. 😭
The proposal scene is sweet, beautiful and very fitting for our main couple. Also, Du-shik and Ji PD's friendship is just so pure. I would gladly watch them eat pizza for hours. Definitely the best ambassadors for domino's.   
  
I miss everyone in Gongjin already :(
it was the most romantic Sunday 💛💛💛
I only just noticed this btw when I started up **Episode 13** by accident, but the first few seconds is Hyejin [humming the OST](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90ZhElCHBFE&t=1168s) of LITERALLY HER OWN DRAMA while cooking the seaweed soup for Dusik.
Writing this just before I watch the finale (NOOOO) -- Hometown Cha Cha Cha is THE standard!!!  
Thank you to director-nim, writer-nim, Kim Seonho, Shin Minah, and the rest of the wonderful, beautiful cast and crew for this amazing drama — so so so so very sad to see it go, but it gave me so much comfort these past few weeks. It was truly, truly a joy to see Gongjin come alive on screen and cry and laugh and feel all the feelings with everyone’s stories 🥲  I’ll be rewatching this from the very start with no skips for sure and have a newfound appreciation for the nuances, Easter eggs and whatnot now that it has come to a conclusion. What a beautiful ride it has been!!! My heart is just so full!!!! I hope the cast and the crew find the time to see our reddit discussion threads so they know just how appreciative and thankful we are for their art. More projects for our cast and crew!!! Sweep all the awards!!! HOMCHA BEST KDRAMA OF ALL TIME ❤️❤️❤️
The men are so wholesome with their wives wives 🥺 and ijun and bo ra? BYE 

no offense to hyejin but i really, REALLY do ship seon ho and sang yi's bromance on the show. amazing. amazing chemistry.
Nice to see that Gongjin has Domino’s!
This is the most satisfying ending I've seen in a krama. I won't need therapy for a whilebecause of this, thank you for clearing my anxiety and depression
Still have a lot of things to process but...>! I totally called Dusik buying back that necklace for her!!<
Homecha is officially one of my top 3 kdramas of all time. I’ve never felt more touched and inspired by a drama. In terms of ep 16, >! Gamri’s funeral proceedings was so beautiful and touching. I love that it captured all the emotions surrounding one’s passing. I also really loved all the sikhye moments. Especially hyejin’s aegyo, the chaotic proposal, the giddy completion of bucket-list item #101!<

I also loved that >! the references to previous scenes and convos wrap up the story really nicely… and the super meta reference to the show’s 10%+ viewership ratings was so funny🤣!<

Lastly, >!i feel im a needy person for anticipating to see the sikhye wedding in seoul with the bus full of gongjin-ers at the end of the ep… I mean how fun would that be!!!! But the super chaotic wedding photoshoot was comedic gold 😭😭😭!< I do feel so weirdly empty yet fulfiled by the finale. Gongjin will be missed so so much.
This is one of the most precious thread, we can say. So many positive and healing words you can read here. Love you all the HCCC team and fans!!
This is the best k-drama in 2021. Thank you for all the life lessons, Homecha!

Everything is tied up. No loose ends and didn't leave us with a mystery! 

I WILL MISS OUR GONGJIN FAM! <3
The finale indeed is a healing!!! After sobbing during the first half, I got relieved on the other half!! 

I love how there are not leaving any toxic/problematic characters. Everyone is progressing on their own as they tell their back stories. Also, love how they break stereotypes and discussed different aspects! Scriptwriting is really great!!! 

From the scriptwriting to the cinematography to acting, kudos! 

I'll be missing romantic weekends!!!!
Omg when she tried out calling him oppa again I amost died 💀💀💀😂😂😂 they were genuinely laughing and hilarious about it and their double dimples were too much for me 😂😂
Wahhhh. Cried so much through this episode. As someone who really relates to Du Sik’s backstory, it’s been incredibly cathartic to watch him release so much of his pain, let someone in, and find the lightness and happiness he deserves. It felt like it was giving me permission to do the same.

One of my favorite shows of all time. It will be sorely missed!
the dominos product placement was a little too much for me. like in the finale???!!!!
Thanks the on-air thread for making me warmth and cozy like living in a sweet home over the past 2 months. It has been really great pleasure to connect and share the good happiness with all you guys.

Lalalalalalala 🌊
Romantic Sunday 🏄🏻‍♂️
Lalalalalalala 🌊
It's a beautiful and shinning day 💙

Until we meets again ❤️
That was the perfect way to end it all. Thank you HTCCC for being my ray of sunshine and hope in this pandemic.

Love to you all, Gongjin Group Chat! <3
Maaaan, it’s really hard to say goodbye. Hometown Chachacha holds a sweet sweet spot in my heart and I will always cherish everything I felt from watching this drama. I just know it will permanently be my favourite (I’ll probably be bias every time I enjoy a new show😅). 

I’m so glad I came across this drama I never knew I needed! Gongjin people, what an outstanding cast 👏🏻 Grateful for the warmth this neighbourhood has given us here.

Kudos to everyone behind this beautiful drama. Everyone delivered!! Thank you for giving us a one heck of a story! Thank you for showing us realistic love, it’s perfect. I love everything about it. You did so so well.

SikHye couple… my absolute favourite! Really really great chemistry! I can’t get over how perfectly KSH and SMA portrayed DS and HJ. They 100% did justice to the wonderful characters. I just can’t imagine any other pair pulling Hong Banjang and Hyejin off. Aaaahh would love to see more of you together. Thank you for working so hard ❤️

Thank you for this wonderful healing drama! I praise myself to have found and watched it! One that I will always go back to ❤️
What a fun ride this was... I truly enjoyed reading everyone's comments and thoughts. This was a really good ending episode. I cried I laughed, I had a constant smile on my face. Would be nice to visit the filming area once, I've seen Koreans do it on Tiktok. 

\- The first 20 minutes had me bawling my eyes out. I'm really happy they took a moment for Gam-Ri. She was definitely one of my favorite characters and her quotes are worth writing down. Seeing the characters say goodbye to her was incredibly touching and emotional

\- I was really happy to see Oh Yoon's ending. So well deserved and cute. A couple of weeks ago, I predicted that he and the gossip auntie might get together because she was really close to Yu-Ri too but I turned out to be wrong. 

\- I feel like everyone in this show has tremendously raised the bar for all other K-drama characters. Hye-Jin is hands down a role model to me, I-un is a child of heaven, Gam-Ri is my favorite grannie, Mi-hyeon the perfect best friend, and so forth and so forth. No one was unlikable. 

I'm wrapping it up here to read some more of your comments. I'll truly miss this show!
Anyone want to meet up and order some Domino’s? 

I can use my app. 😂
Ok I need a Season 2 telling the adult story of Yi Jun and Bo Ra 😭💕💕💕💕 and the nephew that knows all the dinosaur names. HOW are these kid actors SO SPECIAL 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Gam-Ri halmeoni reminded me a lot of my grandma that passed away back in March 2020 right before COVID. The first half of the episode was making me tear up but this episode had a lot more PPL than ever before in this drama. The Domino’s pizza scene was way over the top for me lol
[deleted]
Seems like a lot of you don't know that there are merch coming out so I'm making a list here:

1. OST Album - Release date: October 29th. Comes with 11 songs, 32 score songs, 100p hardcover booklet, character photo cards, postcards, a signed poster (during the pre-order period)
2. Script book - Release date: November 8th. Features SMA & KSH's autograph and message (for first batch), Shin Haeun's interview, Hyejin's letter to Dusik, Dusik's letter to Hyejin
3. Photo essay - Release date: November 30th. Features undisclosed photos, famous lines, best scenes, the director, writer, KSH, SMA, LSY's autograph and message (for first batch), reviews from viewers
4.  Blu-ray - a survey for demand is being conducted on daum cafe 

That's all for now. If they release a limited edition blu-ray like Hotel Del Luna I'm dead. I watched an unboxing vid and it was so beautiful omg
LOL at the Domino's PPL/ straight up advertisement but it's so refreshing to see ML & ML2 with no bad blood between them.
I am going to miss this show..AHH >_< What am I going to do every weekend now!!
NGL, I thought about about ordering Domino's, even though I haven't ordered from them in over 5 years.
Fun fact: It's been exactly 1 year since the show that shot Kim Seon Ho to international fame premiered. October 17, 2020. The day one of the most eagerly awaited dramas of 2020 dropped. Even though it didn't turn out as good as it could've been, **Start-Up** introduced most of us to the charming man known as Kim Seon Ho and I will always be grateful for that. I'm so glad to have seen him rise to fame over the past year and man was his next project (this show) worth the wait. I absolutely cannot wait to watch the finale today and what he has in store for us next. Thank you u/lightupstarlight for being such a wonderful host over the 2 months. It's been a blast with all of you.
It’s a wrap!! There will be no more Romantic Sundays on my weekends, but I was surprisingly soooo happy that all characters find their own happiness and stay true to their own values. Thank you writernim for writing such a beautiful ending for Hong banjang. I can finally be at ease to remember Kim seon ho as a happy male lead instead of a miserable second lead (Yes it’s you Start Up). My heartbreak of losing Gamri has been healed through the happiness of Gongjin people. Thank you to all characters esp Dushik and Hyejin, you guys will be missed greatly. This drama is 10/10 and nobody can convince me otherwise.
Thank you for healing us during this time of the pandemic, Hometown Cha Cha Cha 😌😌😌
I resolve to play Ep. 1 next weekend and pretend that it did not end. In denial much?! Hahahaha

But seriously, I love everything from this episode. I especially love how it brought people together here and in our house. Waaaaah...I'll miss this.
Ahhhh i still can’t believe this show is now over HUHU that was a satisfying ending although i wish we had a >!double wedding😂!<

The >!proposal scene!< was a perfect reflection of their personalities HAHAHAHA it’s been a long time since they last bickered!!!

It’s been a fun 8 weeks. Looking forward to Kim Seon ho’s next show!!! It’s worth waiting for HUHU
Gamri Heolmoni's death was so beautifully written. I didn't know I needed it, but I felt closure about the son expressing regret and guilt, and then being comforted by Dushik.

"I thought that my mom would stay in my life for a long time. So I kept putting off seeing her because I thought there'd be plenty of chances. But there aren't any left now."

This quote absolutely broke me, because I had the same experience with my grandma. I was too busy with work and when she called in March telling me to visit, I said I would see her in April. She passed a week later. I've carried that guilt with me for years. 

This is truly a healing drama, watching that scene helped me find some solace about not spending enough time with my grandmother and has strengthened my resolve to make sure I make time for my family. 

There are so many beautiful themes and lessons in Hometown Cha Cha Cha, including living life fully without regret, and choosing to live with others in happiness.
#The way I had a sweat drop moment when >!Bo-Ra broke her sugar piece!< 

Damn Squid Game for ruining this otherwise beautiful >!Ijun moment of ‘I give you my heart’!< for me.

😜
The first 1/3 of the episode had be literally bawling, even more than I did for episode 15, surpisingly. But after that gut wrenching scene of DS finally letting go and grieving over Gam-ri's death, my heart was somehow magically put back together little by little and I wasn't even aware of it. I started to smile from ear to ear and then literally laughed out loud and then got over the moon happy because of that beach scene with HJ and DS 🥺 It was the best proposal I have ever seen in a drama for quite some time. The last one I remember which struck a cord with me was the proposal scene in Oh My Venus (yes, another wonderful SMA drama) and I watched that one years ago. But this one, maaaaaaaaaan. It had everything you wanted and more. It was sweet and then it got awkward and chaotic and got so real but then it ended in the most beautiful way possible. That scene exemplified in a nutshell how the entire show has been for me. Just beautiful.

I'm so proud of KSH. What a year it has been for him and for us who have witnessed and experienced all of the wonderful things that have happened so far. Nothing but admiration and respect for our good boy and Hong Banjang.
If there was one thing I wish could have been done in the finale is having JUNE attend Granny Gam-ri's funeral.  I wish he could have been part of the finale too, our cutie cutie idol.  Other than that, what a beautiful and satisfying ending indeed.  Best wishes to HyeJin and Dusik and MiSeon and EunChol and of course, JiPD and Writer Won.  Hoping a happy life ahead for them!
I loved this show so much! We can finally say Han Ji Pyeong won too 😭
It’s my first time participating in a discussion as a series airs. It has been delightful sharing this experience with you all for the past 2 months. The next few weekends will surely feel more empty without the sunshine-y people of Gongjin. But I’m happy we ended on a “lalalalalalala romantic Sunday” note. I’m sure I’ll be carrying these good feelings and thinking about this series for weeks to come. Thank you all. :)
I will definitely miss this Kdrama!! This is the best and well-ended Kdrama ever. I’ve been watching Kdrama half of my life and I can say that this is one of the best ever!

✅Storyline/Production - Wow! Congrats to the writer, director and the production team. What a well-written series. For me, everything was so smooth. Looking forward to the next Kdrama with the same team
✅ Main Leads - Kim Seon-Ho and Shin Min-A never failed to amaze me. The chemistry is just right. Their acting made me so speechless. Please make more Kdramas in the future!!
✅ Gongjin Squad - I will definitely miss them. The casting were so perfect. I love them and will definitely support them in the future.

This Kdrama is really a healing series and this is what we need in times of pandemic. Thank you for making this Kdrama. Thank you Redditors for healthy discussions every weekend. My best romcom kdrama series 💚

See you in Baeksang and other award shows. Looking forward!!!
im crying so hard right now. that ending, and this drama was perfect. i've never ever loved every single episode of a drama or show until now. i always had a few episodes that i found boring or too much (world of the married im talking to you), but cha cha cha was everything and more. the cast is so perfect, so is the ost. definitely could've done without my girl hyejin's baby voice lol but this kdrama is something i'll always come back to. i'm so happy we didn't get big confilcts or anything, it felt so natural and realistic but also made sure to show the good in the world. i don't know if i'll be able to rewatch this, i'll be way too sad that i won't be able to experience a love like sikhye or created friendships with the town of gongjin. wow.
I am absolutely going to miss this show. Saturdays and Sundays won't be the same. Now, for the next few weeks I'll have a hole in my heart wile I sing LA LA LA LA LA LA LA Romantic Sundayyy! Great execution! Definitely a show I would rewatch.
I might be being a bit ambitious rn, but I’m glad HCCC came in our day today where the possibilities of kdramas getting more than one season has increased. For now, I’ll be looking forward to both KSH and SMA’s respective projects. And!! Award shows. I’m certain we’ll be seeing our SikHye and HomCha in a lot of them.

I hope we all meet each other again ❤️
i have nothing to say other than the fact that i cried like 10 times throughout this finale and that i'm gonna miss this show incredibly much. the sole highlight of my weekends for 8 weeks straight, and now that it's finished, there's just a huge hole in my heart. i'm gonna miss gongjin and all the villagers every weekend. thank you to all the actors, the production team, everyone who worked on this beautiful series, as well as everyone here on r/kdrama who discussed and cried with me over every episode each week! this has been such a fun journey! thank you hometown cha cha cha, we're finally finished! see you in the next drama (jirisan next week)! 😭😭
Its kinda hilarious that when the bed scene closeup the song goes "deep inside" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 talk about being subtle 🤣🤣
So yeah, it's monday morning and my eyes are still puffy and my heart's still a bit heavy. God, that was such a beautiful watch! At first I only watched this because of the leads, but I ended up loving the stories of the town villagers more so! \*RATES: HIGH REWATCH VALUE\*
So here it goes, my HomCha post-finale withdrawal separation anxiety is real. Tbh, I started watching it because of KSH (having been a fan of him after Start-Up), but I eventually got drawn to every character’s charm as the story unfolded. I haven’t really seen that much kdramas, but for the ones I’ve watched, I rarely get invested in the side characters as much. HomCha is my exception. Every character in this drama was wonderfully written, beautifully portrayed and seamlessly woven together in the charming village that is Gongjin. I can’t help but root for each Gongjin character, having sincerely felt their life struggles, their fears, their small wins, and their respective roads to recovery. The show did not make me feel like an outsider looking in, but a member of their little quirky tight-knit community which I would be grateful to be a part of. Watching HJ’s character development has been nothing short of rewarding and I’ve never resonated with any other FL until HJ. Her character is far from perfect, but it’s realistic, relatable, and makes you want to aspire to be a better version of yourself. There were a lot of values and life lessons intricately portrayed throughout the drama, some so obvious yet most of the time neglected – kindness towards others, gratitude towards family, gratefulness for everyday blessings. The list goes on. Throughout the time I was watching the drama, I found myself self-reflecting more and it has been utterly therapeutic and healing. My weekends have been filled with joy, excitement and longing thanks to HomCha. It was the gift that kept on giving. Thank you HTCCC ♡
Thank you everybody, our own version of Gongjin Friends Group Chat (that Miseon is in but Hyejin is not, LOL)...our very own Gongspatch!
the first part got me crying so much. It was touching and cathartic. Gamri halmeoni, you are loved. 

The mid to end was just pure fluff and happiness! Thank you so much gongjin for weeks of laughter and love!!!!
Eun Cheol as the lottery winner! It was so sweet when Mi Seon thought she won the lottery, the first thing she had in mind was a set future together with Eun Cheol. Smart of him to grab that amazing gal!
Did anyone else order pizza (Dominos pizza specifically) after watching episode 16? 🙋🏽‍♀️We did

Product placement works
I couldn't help but think of 2D1N reference in the drama whether intentional or not

\- Dinosaurs

\- Lottery wins

\- Tteokbokki

\- Coffe games
My heart stopped mid-beat when I saw the kids doing some Squid Game antics. Automatically, I went, “Don’t break itttt!”
So many heartwarming n healing moments but two that really stands out is when Mat-yi mentioned Gam-ri twice. Once for DS getting married and once when she said we cld see Gam-ri on TV. It’s like >!she never left!<
Sorry if someone have already shared it but saw that the latest OST sang by Seong Hyeon is uploaded, thought of sharing with fellow friends of Hometown Cha Cha Cha [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1g9Nu3ZL\_k](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1g9Nu3ZL_k) "I hope you're happy" :')
Can believe everything will be over in an hour. It’s been an honour to be a part of our own version of Gongjin Friends Group Chat. The analysis and crazy theories had kept us awake, made us cry, love and laugh. Can’t thank the HomCha team enough for being the best part of 2021 so far.
Du Shik >!kept Gam Ri halmeoni’s corn!< 😭😭😭 Omg I’m so sad.

The whole Gam Ri halmeoni segment is the saddest in the whole drama for me. Her son lamenting that he always thought he’d have plenty of chances to see her but now there are none left... he’s articulated one of my deep down fears with my parents and loved ones. It’s so easy to put things off till “tomorrow” - “I’ll drop in on them tomorrow”, “I’ll call tomorrow”. One day we’re going to run out of “tomorrow”s and when that time comes I don’t want to be the person who regrets.

My heart is so heavy. This has really resonated with me.
I can’t believe how quickly 2 months flew by with this drama. 😩 Going to miss these weekend nights. Now what?! 😭
I'm just so happy!!! Everything in this drama had it's closure and answers. I feel so content. But i might have HomeCha withdrawal, i may have to binge watch this again right now and it's 11.30pm. Thank you HomeCha and everyone in here for the journey.
The finale had a stupid smile plastered across my face the entire time, and my eyes kept brimming with tears, as the realisation dawned on me that I will be missing these guys too much. Ahhh, my heart is so happy and sad at the same time. I will be missing my Hye-Jina and Hong Banjang a lot. 🥺🥺❤

I just want to thank the entire team of HCCC for sharing such a beautiful story with us. Thank you for making us believe in good things again, thank you for making us hope again. 😇🥺
I love this show so much. As someone struggling with adulthood, guilt, grief, longterm relationships, wondering if people and connection are still real in this time of the pandemic & crises big and small - this was a great perspective about growing up & letting people in. Thank you Hometown Cha Cha Cha. I feel like the entire cast are my friends that I’ll visit in my rewatches 🥲
I could have done with some more kisses. Their scintillating chemistry deserved more. Will miss their infectious happiness so terribly.
Very satisfied that Seonho’s Dusik got wedding photos in HCCC ;)   Minah’s Hyejin made her proposal speech is refreshing. Withdrawal symptom for me sets in bad when the couple ran downhill after their photo shoot.  I’m you and you’re me - great line!
Ngl, the second half was super corny in some parts but I WHOLLY LOVED IT!! What do I do with my life now? 🥲
seonho is really a great actor.. i just remembered from [this 1N2D](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uadKEruxB9s), he can get into the emotion instantly..
I never cared about characters as much as I did in this show. 

I loved every character on this show, I was invested in their daily life.
i had soooo much fun watching this drama! absolutely wholesome, perfect pacing & storytelling, tugged at heartstrings in all the right ways & moments 🥲 (i may have cried more in the last 2 episodes than the rest of the drama 🥲🥲🥲) also loved the thoughtfulness of all the details!! in this episode specifically the pizza moment when dusik was savoring the food, was like an homage to [all his reactions on 2d1n](https://youtu.be/Or6FnhyIBYY?t=165) lol and did anyone else catch ji PD's crocs moment?! they look like [the ones he won on netflix's quiz alarm](https://youtu.be/8tfDySmjusk?t=967)!!
Just a question:  Did anyone else get scared at DS voice over when he said that life was idyllic while riding a bike with HJ?   I was terrified.  I thought something bad might happen (sad ending).  I ended up holding my breath for the remainder of the show hoping nothing bad was gonna happen.  This show kept me on my toes for sure…  
thank you all for the great comments!
Can someone explain why Du Shik’s name is considered odd? 

Really, really curious about this. Ep 15 the town folk laughed about how the name did not suit him. Then in Ep 16, YHJ teased that his name wasn’t funny even in a cute way. Does his name sound phonetically funny or is it just an out of date name?

Thanks!
I love how everyone got their >!happy ending!< !!
Way to put a bunch of product placements in one episode!

That being said 

I loved the proposal! It was soooo sooo cute and original!

Grandma passing on was sad and I didn’t really cry til her letter 

I think Chief Hong did a noble thing, selling everything to make sure the security guards family was taken care of

And honestly none of what happened to the guard and his “brother” was his fault! 

Beautiful ending 
Slow but sweet show and a beautiful happy ending 
Going to miss everyone
the perfect end of the ep with Romantic Sunday playing, my god I had to hold back my sobbing bc I was watching with my mom
#The way this finale episode thread is decorated with all the awards and compliments…

Is how I hope 🤞 that HTCCC will get the equivalent in praises and Baeksang awards. 

**Feeling all 🥰 warm and fuzzy while reading all the awesome comments here***

Shall live in this thread for a while, while figuring out what to do this weekend without HTCCC 🥺
I’ve seen the proposal about 5-6 times now and I cry each time. 

12 hrs later and I think it’s slowly hitting me that we don’t get to spend anymore weekends with this crew. Sigh. There have been a handful of shows that have moved me as much as this one, it will be a while before I can “let go”.
SO. MANY. TEARS.

&#x200B;

 IM STILL CRYING.
Just realised something. When the leads were kids, dusik’s grandpa clicks a picture of hyejin as dusik watches her. Now dusik is clicking a picture of his wife hyejin in her beautiful wedding dress. Aaah the feels
guess this is going to be the first ongoing show i managed to follow till the end. ok unpopular opinion: the pace got very slow in the last few episodes. i thought i wouldn't get that classic k-drama fatigue where 16 episodes feel like forever but alas (i think it started after the confession?).  
  
still am nostalgic to see this go :') the first few episodes made me disgustingly happy, and i'll cherish those moments for a long time <3 i'll miss discussing the episodes and being lonely together here sm 😭
Du Sik and PD Ji’s bromance is really the best, even at par at Goblin’s Gong Yoo and Dong Wok
It's the last episode and I'm so grateful that this series aired during a stretch of the pandemic when everything is full of uncertainty and stress and where interactions with other people are severely limited to online.

Episode 15 succinctly wrapped up the overarching storyline of Chief Hong and some other minor storylines so I hope this final episode is one where we see everyone in Gongjin live their best lives. I will miss them all so much 😭
>lol i noticed after HJ said she really likes that necklace, DS actually wanna pay for it as he reached his back pocket. but shocked at 5.55 millions won. he has to work for 637 hours to get that much lol....

lol i commented this 2 weeks ago hahaha

and i also called it that eun cheol won the lottery hehe

wahhh i really love their proposals scene..

jiwon jakka so cute lol\\

also i love how they said The Seashore Grasshopper make Gongjin famous, irl the shooting location also got famous. so many people visit that tvn had to release a statement asking people not to visit DS's, HJ's, gamri halmoni's, and cho hui's houses lol

i also shared about [seonho canon ads](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCr_aMZ1uqU), and i got the canon ads vibe from the wedding shooting with the gongjin folk interfering haha
That health product and Donimo's were literally 2 of the top 10 worst PPL placement I have seen. I think Domino's saw this show become popular on Metflix and decided to sponsor them last minute. The health product at least had precedence in the show.

But yeah, beautiful episode. As many of us predicted, thr lottery winner is Eun Cheol and he was so low-profile and philanthropic about it. To many, what makes romantic shows great are the vulnerable and confessing moments which were beautiful here, not really the whole lovey-dovey stuff which was fine but I was pretty much Nam Suk when they do that haha! 

Hard to say goodbye to this show, but HCC has gave me one of the most memorable and beautiful love stories in the 150+ k-dramas I watched.
Our last romantic Sunday :( it’s bittersweet but it’s been fun everyone. Till the next adventure seonhohadas ❤️✌️
This is the first time in 5 kdramas that I was eager to watch the finale episode. It's sooooo gooood! I feel so light and a bit sad at the same time because it's over :(
It's p late night in my location right now but that Domino PPL is placed good as I instantly craved for pizza hahahaha
What a show! What a finale! All loose ends tied up so satisfactorily. I really have no complaints about the show.

Thank you to the writer, cast and crew for giving us such a lovely show.❤️
What. A. Ride. A solid 9/10 drama. So glad I chose this as the first drama to follow live.
Hwajung and Namsook's reaction to Sikhye flirting with each other is me when I see couples doing PDA 😂
What a ride it has been and I am glad to have been part of all the characters' heartaches, pains and eventual triumph and happiness! I loved all characters and like Hye Jin, I fell in love with Gongjin too. It was such a lovely, healing and fulfilling drama. Rarely has a drama ending has left me this happy and satisfied. The last time I felt this way and during IOTNBO finale and Hometown Chachacha has delivered the same immensely satisfying feels. Oh how I love this drama.

I will miss Sikhye and the whole Gongjin crew and I have no idea what I'll do with my weekends now.

Thanks to all the people who took part in delivering this gold KDrama. 💕💕💕
This is my best drama of 2021. Thank you this sub for making the experience more enjoyable!

It felt like gongjin really exists and sikhye is being together in dusik’s house as i’m writing this comment. I may look for them the next time i visit pohang🥺
That was such an amazing show. All my worries about having an underwhelming ending were gone in an instant as I was satisfied and smiling for the most of it. I'm going to miss Gongjin, Sikhye, Gongjin couples, Gongjin gossip, halmeonis, Ji PD, the story, the twists, the laughter and tears. ALL OF IT. I'm going to miss this show so bad, and I think this is one of those rare KDramas that I'm willing to watch all over again. Hyejin used this word to describe DUSik but I think it also fits the show - HARMONY. A harmony of all the necessary elements for a healing and romantic show.  Even though some would argue that the continuity on some parts ruined integrity of the show, I would really disagree, because saying that would be just nitpicking. This show is a breath of fresh air. Thank you so much, Hometown Cha cha cha.  The waves and warmth of Gongjin helped me wash away my troubles every weekend. I am happy to have watched this on time from start to finish. Congratulations and I'm rooting for the team to  win all those awards 🙏🏼
I can’t believe it’s over! I am already feeling the sepanx. It was truly a healing show. The sense of community and the backdrop and the OST!! were perfect especially this pandemic. Thank you all, I felt like we were all in Gongjin with them! Our leads and everyone else are perfect for their roles. Not once did it feel like they were acting. HCCC was told so beautifully, I can’t explain it. They have handled everything so well. I am very satisfied with how it ended. Although I do not want it to end. I wanna be there with them and see Shikhye’s kids! 🥲 I will miss the whole community as if they were my own. I hope I can find something like that someday. This drama is seriously making me want to move to a small beachside town. A+ for HCCC!
First half an hour I cried buckets. I didn’t think it would affect me this much. The show is beyond everything I had prepared myself for and yet everything I wanted to see. Can’t thank the HomCha team enough.
I loved this show. ♥️ it was warm and happy, and I loved the “dance” between our two leads. here’s to finding joy everywhere!
This show is too darn precious 😭😭😭
I am sad that this is over and there will be a HCCC hole in my saturday and sunday evenings now😭 I guess I will watch Jirisan instead! 

Can anyone recommend me a good Lee Sang Yi drama? I would love to see him somewhere where he is the main character as I really loved him here!
purposefully haven't watched ep 15 yet so i can watch the last 2 eps in a row 😔😔

still in denial it's almost over 😭😭😭
I haven't commented much on these Homecha discussions, but I've been reading them and watching the episodes as soon as they came out throughout this run. What a wonderful gift to us was this show! So filled with joy and wisdom of life!  
I haven't had such a long list of memorable "life-wisdom" quotes since When the Camellia Blooms. That was another romcom that portrayed the caring community of a small town and embraced a "city girl" who moved moved there and found love. But I enjoyed Homecha much more. I enjoyed every episode, the script, the acting, the direction, the music. I loved how each character was fleshed out and given a story, so that we really felt that we knew them. There is a sweetness in these relationships, as well as a portrayal of real emotions.  
I've seen lots of kdramas and this one really ranks high on my list because of its honesty. Words that are uttered are very real, identifiable emotions. For me, the wailing of Gam-ri's son at the funeral hit home. I am so afraid that one of my children will have this experience, but, as a parent of an adult child, there is nothing we can do about it. It is a fact of life that adult children are wrapped up in their own lives, their own children, their own activities. And that is just how life often plays out. Gam-ri found love in her community and in her adopted son, so her life was full and rich, as is mine.  
The various secondary relationships and marriages were portrayed beautifully. The innocence and awkwardness of the dental assistant and police officer, the children's love for each other, the widow/single dad who grieves for his wife, yet manages to go on, and the two married couples who work through their challenges brought us a spectrum of issues. Even the town "gossiper" was fleshed out into a real human being.  
And, of course the Du-sik and Hye-jin were wonderful examples of caring. For me, the line that Hye-jin said "I want to carry your pain with you." - or something like that, was one of the beautiful lines.  
That's it. It was a beautiful drama and I thank the creative team! We'll be la-la-la -la -la la- ing for a long time!
Happy last day of Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha 😭😭😭 it’s been a wonderful run.
I’m going to miss our friends in Gongjin so much!! Did anyone notice when >!DS and HJ run away from the townspeople during their photo shoot ,it was like the townspeople were waving and saying goodbye to us?!<. 

Man, I love this show!!  I don’t know if I can watch another kdrama for awhile. 😊🤦🏻‍♀️
Yes, thank you! This has been a wonderful group and you have been the gold standard for hosts!
I only found this group a week ago and am so sad to have missed out! But being able to enjoy Homecha for the past two months and have something to look forward to each weekend was amazing. Not ready to say goodbye yet. Thank you so much, Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha!

Edit: To help calm the withdrawals, I've been rewatching CLOY. Has some of the similar city-girl/small-town vibe, plus we get a bit more Cha Chung-Hwa as a gossipy townie like her role as Nam-Suk in HomeCha. Not to mention the king himself, Hyun Bin, having similar smooth caretaking moves like Du-Sik. Can't match it for sure, but it's helping.
Awww. It feels unreal to say this is the final episode. But this is it. Final romantic Sunday.😭 HomeCha has definitely cemented its place as an all-time fave.

Thanks to you guys, my weekends were more enjoyable. I had fun reading all of y'all's observations, theories and comments, in general. You are such a wholesome bunch. I don't know any of you but I'm going to miss you.

Here's to hoping we have something like this again soon.
I will extremely miss Hye Jin’s voice saying “HONG BANJANG”
My new comfort drama. Touch Your Heart has officially been ousted sorry sweetie
# MISEON for PRESIDENT haha
Thank you OP and everyone for making this safe space for us to share our insights and discuss probably everything and anything HomeCha. Reading all your comments and posts made watching HCCC more interesting and fun!

So when will our Sundays be romantic again?
...lalalalalalalala
I can’t believe it’s over
That was such a satisfying finale that I rewatched immediately! I don’t know how I’m going to watch another series after this! Thank you, HomCha for our Sunny Saturdays and Romantic Sundays <3
Nobody touch me im so damn emo😭
I am going to miss our Sikhye couple and all the heartwarming moments! Romantic Sundays 💃
petition for writer Shin Ka Eun to do a spin-off mini series of grown up Bora & Ijun please!
Y'all I just caught up and my heart 🥺❤️❤️. I love this show so much, everything was perfect! Definitely gonna re-watch (and I rarely ever do that)

Edit: I just hope this show gets recognized for the brilliance it is and not get overshadowed
Healing drama my ass! The only thing healing is my headache from crying so much😭😭 This drama is leaving me with the same feeling I had after Reply  1988
o my heart i loved it so much omg im gonna miss this show so much :(
TRIVIA: Anyone can find the exact number Jjajeungna Jinjja mentioned in the whole series? It's an uncommon line in the Kdrama I think but frequently used in this series..
[one of the game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2Oi2ryqT9s) DS played with PD Ji that night.. you can enable CC for sub

the way seonho said "짜증나" (jjajeungna which means - it's annoying) lol

and also his signature move, blowing his bang

and from this video, you can see they add the white snot cgi for dumb people.. that's what DS called HJ after HJ surprised that there is even a license to teach origami. "코딱지" (kottagji which means - snot) lolol

jongmin really so hilarious

and just so you know, i ship seonho and smiley bang lol
My eyes are swollen from sad tears in the beginning and happy tears at the end of the ep.

Thanks to our lotto couple/rotiserrie chicken couple, my tear ducts were able to rest in the middle of this episode :") I will miss all of Gongjin so much.
I just finish watching the series 5 hours ago and I'm having bad withdraws already. I miss Sikhye and Gongjin villagers. Sighhh not sure how I'm going to fill this void apart from following the actors and their next adventure.
Help HomeCha fam!
I saw that Jirisan will be shown on Sunday, replacing HCCC on its timeslot. Does this mean that we will be getting a farewell episode on Saturday? Or an episode of DOS variety show perhaps? Or am I wishing/pushing too hard? 
Missing HCCC so much 😂😂😂😭😭😭
Wow what a beautiful ending. The last few episodes were an emotional roller coaster for me and i’m sure for everyone else, but it was all worth it to see such a satisfying ending. I really can’t believe this will be the last time i’m coming on to reddit to specifically come to to the homcha section to read everyone’s option and favorite moments from each episode. I will definitely miss starting my weekend mornings off with homecha and the homecha thread. Time really does fly because it only feels as if it were yesterday when the first episode was airing. So many memorable lines, moments, and characters..this has definitely become one of my favorite dramas of all time! Shoutout to the writer for producing such a well written show.  Also shoutout to the director and everyone else on set who contributed to the making of this show, because can i just say that the cinematography was amazing?!? All the love that the show has gotten within the past few weeks were deserved. My heart is full and I will definitely be rewatching anytime i need a serotonin boost!!
We should have another thread for rewatches!
I LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS EPISODE

the relationship between the ML and the SML was impeccable throughout the show!! and ji PD >!finally decided to hold onto the writer. the confession was so subtle but it fit them so well! !<

hye-jin's stepmom was so cute + they wrapped up everyone's story soo nicely. gamri helmeoni was missed :(

also >!eunchol you bish how DARE YOU DECIEVE US WITH THE "i'm not that rich but i'll try my best to keep you happy" AND "i sell fake firearms to make money to buy you presents" WHEN U HAD THE LOTTERY MONEY ALL ALONG. i really thought "aw this guy's putting so much effort to please her he def didn't win the lottery" why did i trust him. but but --!< PYO MI SEON AND EUNCHOL TO THE MOON.

the >!proposal!<??? ahhhh my heart. >!"i'd love it if our shoes were always side by side at the door together."!< SO WHOLESOME :') and so hye-jin-ish.

also did anyone notice the fact that >!hye-jin disclosed their marriage plans immediately and didn't hesitate like before? we love subtle character development.!< some other quotes i liked in this ep:

"who cares if the wind blows a bit, when we're in the same boat?"

"i'm you and you're me."

most importantly, THEY ENDED WITH THE ROMANTIC SUNDAY SONG. I MISSED IT SM.

so all in all, i'll miss gongjin sm :')) this sub made the watching experience so much better!! stay well, guys <3
Cause of Death: That Dominos PPL. 

Sad there's no Subway in Gongjin.
Just saw another preview [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdcI6DgHU8c](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdcI6DgHU8c) I'm ready for final episode - definitely gonna be doing my own rerun watch party after this weekend T\_T
It was an absolute blast watching HCCC! Hoping for a good ending :)
As we await the finale, I’m really thankful that there is this sub to air my thoughts and share the joy (and mild obsession) of watching HomeCha. It’s been a fun ride!
i hope its a cheese fest with extra cheese today
What is this melancholic feeling?

 I almost don't want to watch this episode, just so that the story never end for me.
How do we say goodbye? :(
Thank you for this wonderful discussion. This is my first Kdrama where I fully focus, following every weekend, replaying over and over again so that it always become #1 in Indonesia, and comment on a thread in Reddit (which needs VPN from Indonesia). See you again Gongjin Friends! Hopefully we are all healed someway or another from this drama! I myself did heal..☺️ Now, on the the last episode! Gazaaa!!!
Thank you HCCC for raising awareness of mental health in a fun and heart-warming way. Just like Dushik, many of us seem normal and can function well in the society while suffering from mental illness. Always be kind and spread love around because you never know what the others are going through right now. Hope that we find healing through this series in one way or another :)
At first, I  was a little skeptical for the episode 13 ending with Gamri dying, because it felt like so much was happening, but I',m glad I was proven wrong, Garmi passing felt like a nice goodbye to Gongjin and Hometown Cha Cha Cha. I feel so light. This drama really has been a journey and truly wholesome.
OMG I think the >!I Jun x Bora!< ship is actually sailing!!!
If last night had me crying all throughout the episode, tonight I was smiling from start to finish.

Heeeaaaliiiiing~~~
Aaaah it was beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. Will miss this show.
Can we have a homcha part 2 please!
Sweet and heart warming finish! Weekends will never be the same again <\3
Bora is a savage little girl!! 😂😂😂
The proposal was hilarious! 
Nam-suk is all of us who can’t take too much aegyo- Love love how this show makes fun of itself!

Ok I hate the amount of ppl in the last episode.
Yes KSH I will spend the rest of my life with you <33333
Need time to process my thoughts but this drama has been so warm hearted from start till end, its been A wonderful journey with everyone here who share the same love for our Gongjin family!   


>!ps: the proposal scene totally cracked me up, great job again, writer for the twist! !<
My last romantic Sunday 🥲

This show was such a treat. Thank you to everyone on this sub, I love you all!! This was such a lovely journey and really truly a healing drama. Watching DS finally grieve freely and then find happiness with HJ was perfect. I already can't wait to rewatch it!!
I can't say anything else except that my heart really almost burst 😩💗
i love homcha so much!!!!!!!! homcha now set a high standard for romcom dramas to come
i have no words im just so happy about this ending. 

thank you fellow, hometown cha cha cha friends for watching, laughing, and crying alongside me. :)
What an episode!!

I'm just so sad that it's all over. But it was absolutely perfect!
Goodbye homecha it was a healing ride. The first half of the episode made me cry and the 2nd half made me smile from ear to ear. Is this what they called happy ending? And thereby they lived happily ever after. Ahhh shit i wish this was longer. Shin mi ah shines. Didn't expect the drama to be this good after hearing the title of the drama, well as they said never judge a book by its cover. It was so simple, just some mystery which the drama said themselves, no complications, but right into *the feels. Goodbye another beautiful drama. And the community here. Will see you around.*
The way Hye-jin calls Du-sik Oppa when she decides what she should calls him, it’s like cuteness overload, her voice, her twinkly eyes, her mouth…It’s so much cuter than Jaqiya
Okay it’s almost 1am and I’ve binged the last 5 episodes of HomeCha all evening. I’ve cried so much in the last few hours. 

I want to finish this episode but sadly I have work in like 7 hours so gotta head to bed. But I have just finished the scene where Dushik reads the letter and I’m bawling. It feels like I’ve personally lost my halmeoni who got me sweet potatoes and corn. 

Truly, I have fallen in love with each and every Gongjin resident and at this point although they’ve tried to give a sweet ending to Gamri-shi, considering she died painlessly while sleeping in her own house, surrounded by her two bffs, why does it feel like I’ve had my heart ripped out of my chest?

I know things get better from this moment in the episode and I’m furious I can’t watch it completely, but maybe it’s for the good. I need this time to process my feelings and in my own way grieve for the loss of this beautiful character and at the same time this show. 

I wasn’t able to watch this show weekly from episode 12 onwards due to personal reasons, but now that I’ve almost finished it, I’m just going to say that weekends would be terrible without Romantic Sundays and all these Gongjin folks. Now let me just cry myself to sleep tonight.
OH MY GOD THE LOTTERY WINNER IS >!what the heck it's eun cheol!<
I’m gonna miss them so much 😭
I’m so sad Homcha is ending.. i really enjoyed each & every episode of this drama! The lottery winner is really Eun cheolll! And that necklace..i knew it.. du shik will buy it again for hye jin.. what a journey.. i’m glad each of them got their happy ending.. they deserve ittttt 💜💜
THANK YOU EVERYONE! THE LAST 2 MONTHS HAVE BEEN A PLEASURE WITH YOU ALL!
The ending was perfect, I am going to miss Gongjin and all of it's residents so much. HCCC has been such a pleasure to watch over the last 8 weeks, even though it wasn't perfect it still gave me so much happiness, and I know HCCC will be in my heart for a long time.
This episode was so good!! All the loose ends were nicely tied up and the pace was smooth. 

This is such a good drama. I was initially put off by the name but I'm glad to have looked beyond my first impression to join you all on this show. 

The cast was superb. The story superb. Everything was chefs kiss.
While HJ and DS were talking about their roles after marriage, the part about being a councilman… was that a reference to SMA’s Chief of Secretary? 

Also, that dominos PPL.. it was so blatantly and cheekily done I had a good laugh over it.
aahhhhhhhhhh. Heart is bursting .
Hometown Cha Cha Cha, a healing drama indeed. Thank you to the actors, director, writer, production team and staff. This drama felt like a warm and comforting hug for the past 8 weeks. Definitely one of my most favorite kdramas of all time. 💚
I really thought yesterday was the end of the ugly crying but they just won’t stop. I LOVE the friendship between the ml and the sml. And I never doubted who won the lottery.
Such a stark contrast from the last episode, where we cried buckets. Today, it’s all sunshine and rainbows. If there’s tears, it’s tears of happiness and longing as we part from our beloved Sikhye & Gongjin :’)

btw, I CACKLED WHEN I SAW THIS GEM OF A TWEET: [Namsuk & Hwajeong’s reaction to lovebird](https://twitter.com/seonhojpeg/status/1449722940954611714?s=21)
not the PPL sprinkled throughout this episode!!! LMAO
My eyes are out of tears. >!her death hurt me so so much!<I can’t stop crying.
What a beautiful drama. I’m really going to miss looking forward to it every week.
The halmoni trio is a duo now!! 😔
What a show! I’ll definitely have to rewatch it!
I will miss my dimple couple so much the feeling is so surreal like a void , parting away is always difficult but goodbyes are not forever , when they were standing near the boat and promised to take on  everything together as long as they are together was beautiful I had so many feels Hye Jin and her handyman kim seonho visuals are out of the world , he is a gorgeous man 😏 I also love everyone has someone to lean on ji pd and writer Wang look amazing specially when she nags at him u can see the genuine love and then euncheol and miseon , miseon would for sure get married before next spring they are beautiful too also pd and dusik friendship they lean on each other if sikhye has kids he should be their god father 
Also hye Jin being needy after making love in the morning "if we want kids we should get on it " maybe he is really good in bed 😂❤️❤️ 
Also at the kim seonho is not the popular actor from the drama that so called hallyu stars acted , with acting skills pretty meh 
He is in his own league he is the hallyu star the backbone for hometown , everyone wants to work with him now yup 👍👍
I still remember how the first ep telecasted and I was so excited to see the ratings and now we are done with the drama time does fly we won't know it but it does and eventually the drama became so popular went from 400 comments to 1200 comments wowww big hug to the reddit family let's meet again in kim seonho movies , I am already ready to ship him with yoona 😂 couldn't ship him with minah because she is committed but I would wholeheartedly do it for them she is younger and so pretty I was shipping them from the day they sang that song seonho smiles a lot at her it makes me giddy so let us meet them 
I have to binge watch the show it's my comfort drama seonho don't make us wait for a long time also I am pretty sure he is nominated for baeksang don't know if he would win it but with that performance it is trance if they don't nominate him he is amazzzzing also minah she is the queen thank you so much 😊 have fun in life and enjoy each day as it's ur last
I could watch a whole season of everyone just making meals together.
Mannnnn.

The way I have skipped all the Gam-Ri mourning scenes at some point in this episode... Because it just felt so goddamn real. I'd already predicted gam-ri's death at some point but the way they executed it in episode 15 and the way they took it all forward in this episode.. "she wanted her funeral to be a party." That just says how joyful and sweet of a person she was. :')

Really missed her. She'd have loved to see Du-Sik and Hye-Jin getting married.😭😭😭 Okay but let's stop with the tears now.

I'm so so so in awe of this show because it has had one of the BEST female lead character arcs yet and brilliant writing + direction that has never failed to surprise. I was low-key scared when they went 1 month later and did the whole time fast forward thing because most of the times in dramas, it just seems rushed and sloppily done but they did such a good job. 😭😭😭

LOVED THE PROPOSAL OMG AND MI-SEON AND EUN-CHEOL YASSSS. Also I loved how they borderline showed the contrast dynamics than everyday life in the raw fish lady and her husband's relationship. That scene where he starts crying and she takes him in his arms and he rests his head on her shoulder EOMMOOOOO AWWWW

ALSO I'm so so sad our comfort show has ended BUT is it just me or are y'all convinced that we're getting a Bo-Ra and il-jun spin-off soon???? Idk I absolutely love how they've left room for each character to have their own spin off- oh Yoon (with his now music career) ju-ri (who aims to become a designer and wishes to marry JUNE lmao) etc. but bo-ra and il-jun's seems the most likely. I REALLY REALLY HOPE WE GET A SPINOFF AHAHAHH
This is definitely one of my all time favorite dramas, and I’ve been watching kdramas for over 10 years now. All the characters in this show and their stories touched upon so many different messages and life lessons. We got to experience so many emotions while watching this drama, and I’m so thankful for that. I truly understand why they advertised its as a “healing” drama. It was feel good and satisfying in every way. Well written and well delivered by the entire cast. It exceeded my expectations and it’ll be a drama that I can’t wait to rewatch in the future. Thanks HCCC :)
I bawled so hard when Gam Ri passed and they showed the scenes of everyone grieving and remembering her in their own ways. Have not cried like that for a show or movie in a long long time. This finale was so touching but I will miss their love story.
Can't believe it's the last Sunday. :( After yesterday's tearjerker, I know this will be a great healing episode for everyone in Gongjin. So excited for Ep 16!!

Writer shin, bring us all the closure and fluff that we deserve! We're ready! 😂
GUYS IT ENDED WHAT DO WE DO NOW?!😩😭😭 brb I have to watch the BTS and interviews 😥😪
Every weekend I’m always looking forward to my hometown fix but damn I’m gonna take some time to get used to not seeing the sikhye couple on the small screen from next weekend onwards 🥺 really gonna miss them so much. 
I love how light hearted and refreshing the show is overall even though it has its sad parts. Life is not always rainbows and roses and has its ups and downs. Love how the show has taught us so many lessons about life through its small quotes. Ahhh >!Gamri sshi!< 

On a side note so happy that seonho’s character is given redemption ever since start up. I’m gonna catch up on his older dramas and 2d1n, his acting deserves and award and he’s such a gem! 

Thank you homecha for the healing for the last weekends and giving us romantic Sundays lalala ❤️
I feel like this show got everything right, even the sad parts because that is part of life. The way the stories unfolded kept me riveted. It was perfect.
Want to see pd and writers some romance
Goodbye cha cha cha.. Weekends won’t be the same without you <3
MI SEON AND EUN CHOL CAN NOW START A FAMILY HAHAHAHA
MI SEON AND EUN CHOL ARE REALLY THE CHARACTERS WE NEED AFTER THAT 25 MINUTE CRYFEST
….and a Domino’s pizza PPL has made a return hahahaha
Eun Cheol x Mi Seon storyline is such a gift! I’ve enjoyed every single one of their scenes immensely!! ❤️
Hye-jin is an absolute horndog and I love to see it!!
The ladies in here are so strongwilled 🧡🧡 hahaha
who knew the last episode would make everyone feel more lonely 😩😩
Petition for Season 2 or Gongjin mini episodes. 😂 Something to fill this Homcha void :((
ROMANTIC SUNDAY INDEED!

THANKYOU HOMETOWN CHACHACHA ♡
Thank you for the journey :) I’m so excited for the prospects and the future kdramas that will be offered to all of the actors and actresses in this show. I hope to see more of them in the future.
that drone shot @ 52:40 just looks too fake HAHA I got taken out of the mood for a moment

Otherwise LOVELY LOVELY ENDING 💖
That was super cute!
Do people propose without a ring nowadays? Was surprised it was a necklace. 

But after that I saw she has a diamond ring on her fourth finger not sure if she bought it herself.
[removed]
I just watched the last two episodes back to back, I knew it was going to be emotional but boy I was not expecting to cry a bucket of tears tonight ㅠㅠ the ending was perfect, it was everything I hoped for and more. 

I appreciated the character development and back stories of the Gongjin folk, I have never cared for secondary characters like I have in this kdrama. I'm glad we got to see how each of their stories panned out. Also loved the sprinkle of life lessons throughout - this kdrama delivered so many memorable lines! 

I'm so grateful to everyone that brought Hometown Cha Cha Cha into our lives. It was just the wholesome content I needed amidst this pandemic. This kdrama brought me so much comfort and joy, I'm sad to say goodbye to these characters but I know it will be one that will stay with me for a while.
I love this kdrama so much. That >!proposal scene!< was hilarious and perfect. Especially when she >!passed the baton and said fighting!!< They have my favorite depiction of a healthy relationship and all of the town people were wonderful. How did they get us to care about so many different characters? What an amazing show!❤
I will miss everyone from Gongjin and I wish them all good health!

I love how we were right about Mr. Policeman being the lottery winner.  
I'm shocked at the Domino commercial in the middle of me crying and laughing LOL

Thank you to the cast and everyone involved in this series. Thank you to everyone here for sharing your thoughts and it was a lovely 8 weeks. Thank you so much Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha!
The Dominos PPL is soooo out of place and a big turn off
HYEJIN BEST GIRL x DUSIK BEST BOY
I had mixed feelings on this episode.

I know I often tend to dislike final episodes of any series because I dislike how they tie everything up. That wasn't my problem so much. But more I didn't like one scene and that's changed my whole view on their relationship. I feel like Hye-jin is always going to be trying to change Chief Hong. She's ambitious and wants more for everyone she loves. But there was a moment when they were talking about their future and I was left a little sad that he's never want what she does and if they will be able to survive that. Like can she really be satisfied with small-town living?


But I loved Mi-seon and her storyline. I can picture her entire life and there will be frustrations but overall love and happiness. 

I also really enjoyed seeing the cultural things like the procession at the start. And the final scene with the town chasing after them was perfect. The townspeople and the setting were such an important part of the show.

The domino's scene was just an ad. I don't think it added a single thing other than you can get pizza even in a small seaside town. Some product placements I can ignore but that one was so blatant and didn't really seem to fit.

Overall it was a lovely show. I have now seen 10 kdramas and its been my favourite. I fell in love with all the characters and the settings. I felt all the characters got a fitting ending for this chapter of their lives and I can imagine futures for all of them.

But I'm a little sad because I don't know what I should watch next!
I watched hometown cha cha cha up until 5:30am on the morning of my birthday, and it generally put me in a great mood and made me so happy. I ended up spending the rest of my birthday finishing the season. One of the best birthday gifts I could ever ask for. The tears, the joy, and the peace. Thank you Hometown Cha cha cha !!!
Thank you Reddit for letting me share my love for this show with you. I cried. I giggled. I laughed. What a great series that warm my ♥️
I just want to say I love everyone in this drama and hope all the best to them 💚
Last episode 😭😭😭🎈🎈
Which else series will be able to give me wo much warmth haan dusik? Dusik must know this, since he can do everything
Can’t believe it’s ending today … what am I going to look forward on following Saturdays and Sundays😭😭
Watching it in netflix rn with my mom, should i skip anything awkward 😳
Another PPL: medicine HAHAH
jesus christ my nose is clogged
I really love Hye Jin’s outfits, she looks like a 25 year old
WE FOUND THE LOTTERY WINNER!!! ITS >!ACTUALLY EUN CHEOL OH MY GOSH!<
ah all of the couples so cute *blocks*
Did I miss something or did Shikye >!not cross paths during their college years!< ?
Thank you Gongjin friends for the company the last 8 weeks! 

Pretty sure we all love Gongjin as much as Hyejin does now
i'm going to miss watching this show so much 😭😭.
Wow, what a truly romantic sunday. Over the past few weeks, Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha has probably just become my favorite kdrama of all time. The amount of lessons I’ve learned, barriers I’ve watched break, and smiles I shared with loved ones watching the show with me are immeasurable. It’s been a pleasure, Gongjin :)
So I was thinking if picking this up as people have said good things about it. One thing though, do the leads end up together?
Kudos to those who guessed that >!Eun Chol!< had won the lottery 🤣🤣🤣👍👍👍 my guess was either >!Nam Ga Ri or I-Jun!< 🤭🤭🤭
Miseon is my best girl!

I read it somewhere and sincerely hope that we get I jun and Bo Ra as S2 ❤️
How many times have we seen our Halmoni die in all of these shows? When our Halmoni actress dies for real we are all going to mourn so hard. But I feel like we will also have a lot of practice.
I hope this did well enough that they do more like this - a drama with realistic relationships and actual conversations that aren't piles of misunderstandings.. I will miss it!
Can't believe it's ending already. One of my fave kdrama in the past few years.
You know it’s a crazy good drama when the first scene made you sob already 😭
not even 15 minutes on thus show my tears...damn
OH SO SHE >! DIDN'T ACCEPT THE OFFER!<
I'm not ok!!!!!!! Homcha my heart my feelings my everything Gongjin, Sikhye please everything is beautiful 😭
Oh how i would love to see the wedding and another interaction between ds tom and mary
There were a couple scenes in Shopaholic Louis that reminded me of Hometown Cha  one being Kim Young-ok’s character memorial montage.  Check out her shoes [Shopaholic Louis](https://twitter.com/expandthevision/status/1452327333793259521?s=21)
why does it feel like i have cried in every episode? i just never wanted this drama to end. it made me feel things i haven’t felt in such a long time. i will really miss it.
The dominos product placement had me creasing 😂😂 I was in tears for most of ep 15&16 and then that happened loooool
I haven't commented much on these **Homecha** discussions, but I've been reading them and watching the episodes as soon as they came out throughout this run. What a wonderful gift to us was this show! So filled with joy and wisdom of life! 

I haven't had such a long list of memorable "life-wisdom" quotes since **When the Camellia Blooms.** That was another romcom that portrayed the caring community of a small town and embraced a "city girl" who moved moved there and found love. But I enjoyed **Homecha** much more. I enjoyed every episode, the script, the acting, the direction, the music. I loved how each character was fleshed out and given a story, so that we really felt that we knew them. There is a sweetness in these relationships, as well as a portrayal of real emotions. 

I've seen lots of kdramas and this one really ranks high on my list because of its honesty. Words that are uttered are very real, identifiable emotions. For me, the wailing of Gam-ri's son at the funeral hit home. I am so afraid that one of my children will have this experience, but, as a parent of an adult child, there is nothing we can do about it. It is a fact of life that adult children are wrapped up in their own lives, their own children, their own activities. And that is just how life often plays out. Gam-ri found love in her community and in her adopted son, so her life was full and rich, as is mine. 

The various secondary relationships and marriages were portrayed beautifully. The innocence and awkwardness of the dental assistant and police officer, the children's love for each other, the widow/single dad who grieves for his wife, yet manages to go on, and the two married couples who work through their challenges brought us a spectrum of issues. Even the town "gossiper" was fleshed out into a real human being. 

And, of course the Du-sik and Hye-jin were wonderful examples of caring. For me, the line that Hye-jin said "I want to carry your pain with you." - or something like that, was one of the beautiful lines.

That's it. It was a beautiful drama and I thank the creative team! We'll be la-la-la -la -la la- ing for a long time!
Wow what a a sweet, romantic, wholesome, and funny drama. I was hopefully and yet my expectations are blown away. Amazing job by the cast and core for delivering a wonderfully curated story throughout the 16 episodes. Hometown Cha Cha Cha will forever be one of my favorite dramas.
It’s been a pleasure watching and discussing Hometown Cha Cha Cha with you guys from day 1. I will miss all the raving, theorising, and swooning. Thank you for making this a memorable ride, I’ll miss it all so much! Until next time ❤️
I’ve been to ask y’all. You know in **Episode 11** at the end when they should Du Shik highlighting their first day of dating? What’s the text on the stickers that he makes a heart out of?
Dusik imagined Hyejin asking if they should drink the Chinese bush clover wine .. is that the same wine that Dosan’s dad talked about in Start Up?
NOT THE DOMINOS PRODUCT PLACEMENT. OH GOD
MORE SHOWS FOR MI SEON PLS, she did really well in HomCha
Sweet ending! Glad it was really a healing drama!
This drama showed great representation of love, family, and friendship.  It felt like I was visiting the town every weekend.  I was welcomed and fed very well.  

Wishing Hometown Cha Cha Cha will get recognized during the awards season.  KSH was excellent.  The guy can cry and you feel like his tears were your tears too. 

Will miss this drama and this thread.  Thanks and hope to see you all again soon.
Does anyone know what du-sik/dushik mean? Like what does it translate to for English?  For example i recently found out this one korean name Sae-Byeok and this means dawn
Thanks for being on this journey for these 8 weeks! 🥲
Okay probably gonna get downvoted but the show ended and here are a few thoughts I had:

- I'm kind of glad the show has ended. Like I won't miss it. I loved the vibe I got in the first few episodes but in the second half of the show I just kind of lost the vibe and had to drag myself to watch the eps.


- The Overnight disappearance of Du-sik's trauma. As a viewer of the show, I feel like the secret of du-sik'a past was dragged up until the penultimate episode and was exposed with such drama. But when he finally told his story, I was like... okay. >!I felt they did too much build up to his trauma but they resolved something that has been plaguing and paining him for years literally overnight.!< It's the common trope of love heals all that kdramas have. I feel like the should have revealed the past earlier and spent time on du-sik slowly learning that he deserves love and accepting it instead of this instant quick fix that happened.
The same thing happened with the zone chief and her partner. They dragged it out and revealed that an event happened in the past that causes so much pain but solved it in a matter of minutes. Made their entire divorce seem pointless. They could have just talked it out. And it made it look like this woman who always thinks about her actions did something unthinking on a whim.


- Telling and not showing. This is something all media, not just kdramas struggle with. The very simple rule of "show don't tell" is very very difficult to actually achieve in storytelling and HCCC unfortunately was one of the many that did not achieve it. There was very little left up to nuance and audience perception. It was very much spoonfed or the characters would literally explain someone's actions or what is happening.


- Revearsal of character traits. Another thing I have seen commonly in kdramas is the instant reversal or forgetting of character traits when the couple gets together. I know that our FL was painted as >!a hedgehog that slowly let down her spiked but it felt she instantly changed and became this super understanding person after she confessed her feelings. And Du-sik was painted as a very understanding man but instantly changed after the couple got together because it was time in the plot to bring up the past.!< The honeymoon phase felt out of character and just for fan service. Like hey we have 2 good looking people, let's make them do things that will look good in our promo cuz that's good marketing. Does it go against character? Eh who cares, it's good marketing.


- The side characters. A fear I had when there were so many side characters that were introduced was that they wouldn't be able to handle all of them. And I think they struggled. In some episodes, it felt like they completely forgot about a side character. Then they'd write up a rushed storyline for them to make up for their absence on screen. Eg. Coffee shop uncle's storyline, Mi-seon and the cop, the primary school teacher's story, the zone chief and partner storyline, granny, even the frickin hedgehog. I'd recommend reducing the no. Of characters if we can't organically have them throughout the story. 
That being said, I did enjoy the story of Ji PD and the writer. It was cute.


- Perverts get the couple together trope. It happened many episodes ago but I'm still salty that they introduced a perv, put a woman in the emergency room, just to give an excuse for the guy to swoop in and save the girl cuz she is a damsel in distress. Then we forget about the pervert entirely and focus on how the ML is hurt saving the FL and how she cares for him which triggers them to look at each other in a new light. Such a tired trope and so demeaning of the actual harm that could happen in such a scene.


- To quote Ji PD - not enough insert shots. Give me more random shots of the sea and the beautiful scenery xD Yes, our cast is gorgeous but look around! It would have been lovely if they kept giving us inserts of the sea. 


I knew going in that this would just be a filler show to me, but I still was disappointed at how tropey the show was. It had potential. I heard it was based on a movie, so I think I might check that out in a few months. Shorter screentime might have actually made the story cuter to me.
Am I the only one not satisfied with the ending? like they could have offered more in the finale after that heavy episode 14 &15.
[deleted]
I WAS CRYING ALREADY WITH HYEJIN'S SPEECH AND THEN WHEN HE SAID NO I BURST OUT LAUGHING 😂😂😂
And the soft "No" then followed by panic mumbling 🤣 It was so perfect!!!
Her speech made me tear up and then his answer left me in a complete shock for a sec.
>You guys might not know how much your hardwork really heal people around the globe in mysterious ways!

I agree with this about 1000%! This drama came into my life at a really perfect moment. It has been (and is) exactly what I needed. I won't forget it, and I know I will think of it in the future with a smile. 

I'm so sorry about the loss of your mother. I know that wherever you are in life, she will be loving you and proud of you. She may not be on Earth in a physical way that you and I understand, but she will always, always be with you. You will never be alone. 

Mrs. Gamri's letter made me cry as well. it didn't feel like it came from my parents, though. It felt to me just like a special message that I needed to hear, and need to remember always. 

I'm grateful for Hometown Cha Cha Cha. I am certain I will watch it again in the future. Not only does it make me smile and charm and the romantic side of me, it truly has a healing magic to it.
I just want to send you some hugs. My mama passed away from cancer when I was 28. I’ve been on the road you are walking. Lots of virtual hugs to you.
I’m so very sorry for your loss. Biggest of hugs to you. I’m glad you found comfort in this show and that it will always be around anytime you need it to be your comfort.
I’m sorry for your loss 😢 I’m sure your mom was proud of you and she is watching over you now. This series is really wonderful and healing in so many ways and I’m glad it helped you with your loss. The whole team has done a superb job of dealing with emotional issues in a very real and human way.
Fighting!
I’m so sorry for your loss. She’s in a good place with no more suffering. She’ll be cheering and watching over you. Keep going! You got it.I can somewhat relate to how you’re feeling. I lost two grandma's recently. One as recent as in August. I didn’t get to see her the last time as I moved to another country to study on the same day. I couldn’t properly grieve. Gam-ri’s death just broke me into tears. Her letter spoke to me like my grandma. She raised me and always forced me to eat well no matter the situation. Also Hyejin’s words about grieving really hit me. It was aa if she’s describing me. I needed it. I felt so relieved post that, my grandma lived a happy and long life. She would definitely be proud of me even though she doesn’t get to see me physically.It really is a healing drama. I was so happy at the ending. Thank you so much for the crew of HomeCha. Someone on the other side of the globe found comfort watching your work :’)
I’m honestly gonna steal it for my future vows 😭😭😭 “till death do us part” who? We don’t know her!!!
Agreed!🥰
Hahaha it was the perfect proposal! I loved the lead up to it - Hyejin's planning for it with Miseon, and Dusik's missing her like crazy. It was truly so sweet. A friend told me it was a bit too cheesy, but I AM HERE FOR THIS CHEESE.

I loved how Dusik told her that he was attracted to her from the start, which we always knew! Always rooting for this Sikhye couple, and will continue to look back on them as a the sweetest, most healing couple in kdrama! Gonna miss these romantic Sundays :((
i love what both she and he said. Simple, sincere, facing life together
Sikhye.. #couplegoals
There are so many well-crafted dialogues that I didn’t hesitate to order a copy of the scriptbook for memory’s keepsake. Homecha really motivated me to brush up my Korean. 

Personally I like these lines as they gave me first glimpses of how wonderful both of them are.

“I feel bad for those whose hopes are left behind in the past. One’s unfulfilled dreams tend to hold a place in the heart.” - Miseon in Ep 2 

“I’m sure the spoons were happy to be used for the first time in a while. I had a great time, halmoni. I enjoy hanging out with people more than anything else. Eating, laughing and talking together. That’s all there is to life, isn’t it?” - Ji PD in Ep 7
[deleted]
I love all of these and I'd like to add my personal favourite quote from the show (episode 4):

* "Those what-ifs are pointless. There are too many variables in this world and they're beyond our control. So it's not your fault."- Hye-jin
Excellent list. One of my all time favourite lines:

**Episode 11**
“But I only said one sentence!” - Du Shik to Hye Jin after she’s done with confessing and kissing and is like alrighty so that’s done, off I go!
Thanks for sharing this list! 💕
I don't have the exact quotes but i like:
- mi seon telling eun cheol that there's no manual in dating
- hye jin telling du shik that she'll wait for him to open up


So many things to learn from this show!
Loved that list. “Just put your hands up and welcome the rain” is one of my faves
Thank you for this highlight reel. :)
Thank you so much for this! I really needed this.
Thank you!
Me too!  I initially started watching it when it was at ep 9-10 week (and caught up in 2 days hahaha) as a filler for the days between episodes for Lover of the Red Sky, but ended liking it waaaaay more that Lovers of the Red Sky became the filler for HTCCC instead.  I indeed praise thee eyes for discovering this treasure in Netflix.
Hahahaha I quoted the same Miseon line in my comment, around the same time. I hope the actress gets more scripts… Kudos to the scriptwriter but she nailed the delivery!
Agree with you 100%.  And lots of crying going on with the story and because it was the last episode.  I see people asking for recommendations for shows like HCCC and I think, good luck! Not many are this good.  And can I add to the accolades how perfect the entire cast was?   From the kids to the elders, just superb. All the kids were so good, they have a long career ahead of them. I'm really going to miss this show.
You’ve summed up my thoughts really well! I also want to add that I couldn’t stop smiling throughout the proposal and photo shoot and the cute Hyejin going to Seoul.. cuteness overload!!🥰🥰 my face was aching with all that excessive smiling  😊
I agree! I am really impressed and satisfied on how they did not miss out anyone and tied up everyone's stories, like for Chun Jae (Oh Yoon), and I definitely was not expecting the cute side of I-Jun confessing to Bora 😂
Yes! So true! I was a bit worried that they’ll throw in some additional wrench in their relationship but it went so flawlessly!💖🥰
Thank you for always putting up these threads. It feels nice knowing where to go right after an episode to discuss theories and process episodes together. I've used my recent free awards on every thread, so I'll be giving this another when I get one. 

To the frequent visitors of these threads, it was fun discussing and reading your thoughtful comments. See you in the next drama/s! 😊
You've hosted discussions for all my favourites/most anticipated shows, and I've loved being part of them all!! ***Start Up, Hospital Playlist 2***, and now of course, ***HomCha***. Thank you for being such a lovely host and for allowing us to have such a lovely place to gush about Kim Seon Ho together!! <3 :D
You are the best host ever! Thank you so much for all your hard work and dedication <3 Can't wait to see each other again (virtually) for future shows :)
And in the meantime, fans can watch Welcome to Waikiki 2 (I think it's Kim Seon Ho's only other drama where he's the male lead), which is hilarious btw and I really love that cast. And for Shin Min Ah, there are even more such as Oh My Venus (probably most similar in happy/romantic vibe to HomeCha), Tomorrow With You (I really like this, it's a little bit darker but romantic drama), Chief of Staff Seasons 1 & 2 (Shin Min Ah being a political bada** assemblywoman) - those are the ones I've seen, anyways.
Thank you for putting up the threads for this week’s episodes so soon. It’s the first time I’ve ever participated in an ongoing drama’s discussions this religiously and it’s been such a wondrous experience sharing my thoughts and gaining insights from
all of you lovely fellow viewers in return. I’m sure this goodbye is just temporary as we will reunite again when there is a new drama of Seonho (and Shin Minah too).
Thank you for hosting! Look forward to Seon Ho's next drama (hopefully the wait won't be too long!). Thank goodness we still have 2D1N.
Thank you for hosting! It's my first time joining a group chat while watching an on-air drama and it has only added to the experience. It's been fun reading everyone's comments ❤️
thanks for holding the fort in this group! Everything is so well organized but enough free rein for everyone to chime in. It was amazing to read all of your thoughts & I've always found this place to be a safe community to learn more about what we watch.  See you all around in the next fantastic drama & Kim Seon Ho & Shin Min Ah's next drama <3
Thank you for hosting!
These threads have given me the patience to wait for another Homcha episode each week. I had fun reading all the comments and sometimes participating in the discussion.
🙌🙌 really enjoyed participating in this threads with everyone here! A big thank you! 😊😊
Thank you for hosting! It's been great reading everyone's thoughts and reacting together!
Thank you for all your hard work hosting!! I really enjoyed typing, reading thoughts and  meeting other fans all around the world (in a covid world no less)  discussing our favourite drama!!!! Will really miss going to the thread after each episode to read all your comments. Really kept me going through tough week! I hope to see you guys again at other Kim Seon Ho and Shin min Ah’s projects!!! 😊😊😊

LET’S ENJOY TONIGHT TO THE FULLEST!
You did such a wonderful job hosting! 

These discussion threads have kept me going through the show and served as my safe space. Thanks to all for such lively and passionate discussions 😊

Cue the tears for our last romantic Sunday!
Thank you for hosting the threads for HCCC. It's a great platform to discuss and see others' POV and take from the same drama I watch. It's expanding my horizon and mind - blowing at the same time. 🤯
Omg. Wow thank you so much. It’s been a year since I joined this subreddit as well. Started with startup. Startup was my second every kdrama and joining this sub and keeping up with on air discussions is what made me become such a big fan of kdramas and Kim Seon Ho. 

Glad to see you’re also hosting this one.
Thank you, OP! My face lights up every time I see your name and a new thread these past 8 weekends!
Thank you for all your hard work! Watching Hometwon Cha Cha Cha in itself was an out of this world experience but being able to vent and fangirl here in this sub tripled that amazing feeling. 👏 👏👏
Thank you as well for hosting! I hope we get to this again for their next projects! Sooo happy that this drama delivered and exceeded our expectations. Huhu. Still not over it and might not be able to sleep tonightttt
Thank you for your hard work. You did a great job hosting these discussion threads! 😊👍👍

It has been a blast but all good things must come to an end. 😭 I  Thank you everyone for sharing your happiness. Really enjoyed every Romantic Saturday and Sunday with you guys!

Till next time! See you guys in future kdrama threads! 👋👋
Kim Seon Ho deserves a Baeksang for this!
Thank you for this sub! I love KSH and HCCC too and desperately needed someone to discuss with. It would’ve been frustrating if not for this sub. So thank you! It may sound funny, but there’s something about shared interests in dramas that make life all the more sweeter.
Also WHAT A RELIEF heard romantic Sunday after so long PERFECT WAY TO END THE SHOW AAHH
Agreed.
I’m sobbing because of the wholesome things HomeCha brings but I’m also sobbing because it’s over 😭
I truly agree with you. What a great journey this was!! Great work HCCC team! I cried and smiled, the most in this last episode. And now that you mentioned, I noticed, that it was really 2 months. I don't know how these days passed. I'm getting a feeling like, we used to watch very few shows only on weekends in my childhood, waiting for whole week just to watch that one show, I am experiencing the same emotions right now and its very rare these days! 

❤️
He’s an Engineering graduate after all 😂
I tried to put that into perspective to see how long that took to see if it s plausible. I assumed he works 12hours a day everyday based on Ep 1 and 2 when he’s shown working day to night - that would take him 53 days or so. Of course he’ll have the odd day off, so let’s say 60 days. 2 months of work. 

😂😂😂 HCCC got me mad.
The necklace was 5.5 million won, minimum wage is 8720 won an hour. No wonder he was pissed at her beating him to it 😂
This made me frustrated.  Dushik should have more ambition now that he has been healed from his trauma.  Why is he contented with minimum wage when he can utilize his talent and education even in Gongin.
Definitely deserving! 

HCCC is so warm that I feel like I could watch it over and over and over again and still get the feels from when I first watched it.
I loved alllll the meta references in this show, but especially in the last episode 🥰
Is it really that uncommon to get double digits in this day and age? Lol
It really was one of the most satisfying endings I’ve ever seen. The writing on this show has been exceptional.
Right? It's a perfect comfort drama. It's amazing how they managed to make it so interesting and engaging without all of the stuff you mentioned.
thanks for summing it up so well! it's really so well written and engaging without it having the elements that i sometimes really hate about the usual romantic dramas (e. g. messy relationship triangle)
Wasn’t this really just perfect?
"Eun cheol, how are you so cool? You are a diamond in the rough! I praise my eyes for discovering you." MI Seon saying what we have been thinking thus whole time
Congratulations on the level-up new job!!
>Super shallow but really loving Dusik’s outfits in this episode. Glad they brought back the denim on denim look because KSH looks real good in it 👀

100%!! I don't usually like denim on denim but he looked really good in those sky blue tones.

Also, Duksik's multi-colored plaid shirts + baggy jeans + flip flops/strappy sandal combos usually shouldn't work, but somehow KSH pulled them off. They struck the perfect balance and combo on fit and bagginess in all of his clothes, props to the costume department. And how did all of his shirts always have the perfect French tuck?!
LSY as a ML!! KSH forever! And Shin Minah my fave actress!
Beautiful
Aww that’s such a nice analogy. Thanks for sharing ❤️
Towards the end I was like, "MAKE SURE >!THE NECKLACE!< DOESN'T FLOAT AWAY!"
The wedding concept killed me 🤣 It's so on brand for Hyejin.
I kind of loved how they hammed it up during the Domino’s PPL! Almost like they thought, oh you thought the KOPIKO was bad huh?! Let’s lay it on thick for PIZZA PPL 🍕 🤤 😋
It’s not a squid game reference. They’re always talking about how the kids are playing ppobkki (the dalgona cookie shapes) and they’ve been doing since the early days (all off camera). It’s super common in Korea.
Wait. A squid game reference? Where?
>This girl is hilarious.

What exactly was this concept? I don't get it. Was it the marriage contract?
I was skeptical they had Dominos in that sleepy town. (Because they made Gongjin look really rural)..but I looked it up and there's one in Pohang hee.
But Dushik savoring it and then bursting into a laugh? Precious.
Ikr I actually choked. I was like.. you're doing this in the *finale?!* but it was also funny af.
Ji PD can never love a woman as much as he loves food
They shoved in as much PPL possible in the finale lol. Dominos, the flip phone, the vitamins, the gastric pain medicine 😅
First time I’ve considered eating dominos in 10+ years. 
I bet I order it in the next two weeks just to live out the scene in my head.
LOL this description is accurate. *Oh c’mon really?? / SHOW ME MORE.*
I think Kim Seon Ho wil for sure be nominated.  The writer too.
100%! A friend recently commented saying that KSH'S eyes really convey so much - and I never thought about it until the last few episodes! He totally needs to at least be nominated.

Tbh every actor jn this show really brought their A game. And of course the writing. Every scene was appropriately funny, or sad, just the right emotion. and every plot line satisfactorily wrapped up. There aren't many dramas that get better than this.
YES. Manifesting this.
YEEEESSS 💯
This. SOOOO much this.
Double digit ratings in this day and age?!
It better have double digits!’
Just reading this brought tears to my eyes again 😢😢
SAAAAAAME! OMG! Always a lurker but never a commenter. It's only HCCC that cause this change in me 🙈😅
yesssss same here! I just HAD TO share these HCCC feelings with someone, and it was so fun to be able to share them with people as nuts about this show as I am!
Im a newbie to kdrama what does ksh and sma stand for?
me too😭
Best k-drama of all time. 

(This is coming from someone whose favorites were Prison Playbook and Sky Castle)
Looked forward for it for one whole year, and it did NOT disappoint. So blessed.
Bonus points if anyone owns two toned flannel 😂
About the funeral procession, I don’t think I’ve seen that in a drama either. Also, her son and family were wearing white/ivory instead of black. Do you happen to know why? What kind of funeral was it?
SIGNED! 🤞🏻
[deleted]
Hey Nap... Thank you for sharing.. Whatever you are facing now in work and life, just remember there's someone out there praying for you and rooting for you to succeed. We are here in this community will keep you too in our prayers. 🙏
yeah me too.. sometime i stressed out of my job.. i met this one old guy, he said to enjoy my life too.. it'll be a really hard decision to make lol
Miseon is GOAT lmao
>“You’re bound to meet unexpected situations in life. Just put your hands up and welcome the rain.” 

This hits me right in the feels after experiencing a professional disappointment.
God I cried so hard. I don’t remember a kdrama making me cry so hard.
Yes this drama has such a good balance of the various aspects that go into making a good show
can there be a season 2 please ? so much we want to know about their weddingc married life and Gongjin villagers  😭😭😭
Great recap for each villager! You saying that it is a first time a kdrama showed the entire funeral process was so true, it was so realistic and truly serene.

I was also stunned by KSH handsomeness and charm during the running scene too. We need more dramas of him smiling like that!
yup they'll release the full ost album, also included are DOS song and 2 of oh yoon' songs lol
Right?! I avoided the show at first bc someone online said “what is this Lifetime original movie plot” and I have to say, on paper it DID sound cheesy. But I needed something fluffy and healing and romcom and this was more than I expected. 🥰
Yes that pizza PPL scene was hilarious!😂😂

That being said, I am still baffled why I feel jealous of that slice of pizza that KSH held.
Yess, I looove everything about it but a part of me wants to see them visiting HJ’s family and bringing the whole Gongjin fam to Seoul for their wedding. But overall, it was wonderful.
I was wondering why the wedding had to be in Seoul though.  Would have preferred a Gongjin wedding but then again for as long as my Shikye lives happily ever after, I'm ok with it.
They had to have paid MORE than KOPIKO bc that was some extended PPL 😂 

And same about a married life snippet! Actually I had wanted to see a clip of their Seoul wedding but I’m sure filming costs wise that would’ve been expensive!
Lmaoo
This comment is befitting of an equivalent of a mic-drop, but for HTCCC, it’s more like this should be accompanied with the legendary Netflix soundbite :

#TU-DUN. 

😂😂😂😂😂
Maybe that's saved for HTCCC season 2? 🤞 Finger crossed.
so agreed with with difficulty to re-watch those episodes! but I'm. sure I can find it in myself haha 😂
I loved that he shared the letter with HJ and that he allowed HJ to be with him when he cried and grieved. That was his character development there - learning that he can trust and lean on others.
I want 8 episodes of Bo Ra getting into trouble and I Jun quietly trying to tell her how he feels.
Lol it’s a really common street game/food in Korea. Squid Game didn’t make it up.
Agreed on best line — Miseon is my favorite supporting character and is all around hilarious☺️
you're not the only one! I've been feeling a little anxious about not having this show to watch anymore 😂😂
How I felt after reply 1988! I haven’t finished HCCC yet though! Just lurking the thread because I’m still 4 eps behind 😅😅 part of me wants to continue but part of me doesn’t lol
Awwwww.   Agreed.
This is why I got into Reddit into first place. Experiencing it with a community through discussion threads like these makes it more special - even if you're just reading through old discussion threads. I'm glad to have shared this experience with this community 😢
I love how the lottery money was ultimately a non issue. Our beloved police donated most of it already, there is just enough left to build his wife her dream house. Great lesson money won’t buy happiness, miseon disappointed for a few seconds the money is gone but her eye on the bigger picture that she is marrying the best man in the world her admiration and pride in his good nature and she did win the lottery of love.   


btw who else is disappointed that the wedding would be in Seoul WHYYYYYY. all the people they love are in gongjin, hyejin doesn’t even like her college mates she becomes fake self conscious around them, their few good friends they do have in seoul like director and her parents would gladly drive to gongjin for the wedding. but then I reminded myself hyejin materialistic nature, her need to boast and is it wrong to have fancy things noooooo. but it still bothered me thinking that dusik might not be comfortable getting married in seoul in some fancy pancy catered affair with stuffy people.
yes!!! CLOY will be golden but this is amazing too
Tough to admit the ghost of those two still lived rent free in my head for a while but thanks to homcha i have been healed. 💚💚💚 we have been shown what great writing is. 💚💚💚
The shade! LOL
🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭
Based on yesterday's ep, I think it gamri halmeoni. My previous first pick was euncheol..
Possible candidates:

1. **Gamri Halmeoni** (~~says~~ said (😭) so herself that she's got plenty of money)
2. **Yeongguk** (Ijun's father)
3. **Hwajeong** (but could just be that her family's rich + she does work a lot)
4. One of the **other halmeonis**
5. Random **Cop guy** who gives Dusik his colourful shirt to wear (the fan he used had a currency drawing on it
6. ~~Bora/Ijun - who've just kept it quiet all this time, and use it to play the claw machine~~
7. **Yeongguk's sidekick** guy
8. Namsuk's lazy brother? (who we've never met, but has been mentioned twice)

**Candidates I've ruled out** (watch me be so wrong about this XD)**:**

* **Dusik**: because he didn't have money readily available when he wanted to pay for Gamri-ssi's treatment + he's denied it himself when Hyejin asks him about it saying he wasn't even in Gongjin at the time
* **Euncheol**: he says so himself that he doesn't have a lot of money + was selling his collection items to buy Miseon gifts
* **Oh Yoon**: since he was going to put his prize money towards Oh Juri's braces
* **Namsuk**/Gongjin Dispatch/Gossip ahjumma: since she was desperately trying to save money by skimming on her dental treatment + was in depair when her money got stolen
* **Bora's parents**: because they work way too hard even in difficult times (e.g. Bora super was open even on the day when Bora-eomma went into labour) + I feel like Bora-eomma would've revealed it during her conversation with Miseon if she had won

Edit: Of course it was >!Choi Euncheol-ssi all along!! Should've known better 😂😂 He even won the 5 dollars the last time Miseon bought him a lottery ticket haha! And of course, if I'd won the lottery, I'd probably not go around sharing the information with everyone just casually so it makes sense he didn't tell her immediately. He's hardworking and humble. Gosh, these HomCha boys. How do I get one?!<
probably someone we suspect the least haha - oh yoon? one of the two less significant helmeonis? the zone chief's husband's second in command?
I think it's Gamri's Halmeoni or the Police officer.
Hahahaha my first pick was Eun Cheol too, but the writers are so smart to throw us off path. 🤣 But I love how >!Eun Cheol dealt with his windfall!< ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Du shik 👀
Hahah dang my final pick >!Grandma was wrong! !< I doubted myself when they showed >!officer Euncheol selling his stuff. But this only goes to emphasise his good character, which Miseon totes approved of. My heart! !<
i wish i could pin this comment somewhere! so apt!!
1. Best director
2. Best actor
3. Best supporting actress lee bong ryung
4. Best new actor ki eun yoo

Seriously everyone is so good!! But if I have to pick, my money's on them.
Give them all the awards!!
You’re correct….stress, blame, survivor guilt, ignorance are the villains in this amazing story.
[deleted]
yeah true that.. before, i'm torn between iphone 13 and samsung flip 3.. now i'm sure i'm going for the flip haha

tomorrow maybe i'll order some domino
Still smiling at the 3 letters name for famous boy band called DOS, a 613-1013 poster on a lamp post near the chicken rotisserie, I am you/you’re me serendipity dialogue by SikJin. This drama offers popular details while the setting is in a tucked away village by the sea.
[deleted]
We need to see who else comes up this year. I think he will be nominated but it’s not a typical award winning role. The Veil maybe. Not sure if there’s anything else coming up either
Just to give you an idea, here are the past few winners:

2021 - Shin Ha Kyun for Beyond Evil (was rooting for Kim Soo Hyun for IOTNBO, darn another actor who brings on all the feels!)

2020 - Kang Ha Neul for When the Camelia Blooms (people were either Team Park Seo Joon or Team Hyun Bin during this time but Kang Ha Neul pulled a surprise but well deserved win!)

2019 - Lee Byung Hun for Mr. Sunshine (was rooting for Yeo Jin Goo in Crowned Clown, what a magnifiicent actor this one is)

2018 - Cho Seung Woo for Stranger (wait Park Seo Joon was actually nominated for Fight for My Way? Hahaha, that was unexpected!)

2017 - Gong Yoo for Goblin (no complaints here, I loved my Kim Shin!)

Another notable winner for me was Kim Soo Hyun for Moon Embracing the Sun in 2012.  That was one intense acting and drama too!
I am totally here for the spin off!! Those kids are ADORABLE!
Yeah, way to stick the landing. I've been spoiled recently, because I just finished Romance is a Bonus Book, and that also had a satisfying ending
I’ve got many fav moments n eps but ep 16 prob now e top
Hahaha yes I felt attacked 😂
Yes that was so meta but I felt it too!! 😓
but that laugh seems forced though, it does not quite reach Kim Seon Ho's eyes. One of the two scenes that I feel awkward with the other one of when SMA calling him "oppa"... i get what you are feeling KSH! hahahah
Me!! But somebody said it’s EunCheol. Then there was the community cleaning and when they crashed the prenup photoshoot and I was wondering who’s taking care of the baby.
I was! Hahaha
I miss them so much, didn’t get to see them last episode. 🥺
Ahaha reminds me of Jjaltoon PPL parody... super funny.
Aigoo, it was a little much for the finale.
Like most satisfied kdrama for me.
Starting at #61:

1. ~~Bitch slap~~ >!\[Ep 4\] w/ HJ slapping the pervert, and also partially achieved in \[Ep 11\] when Du-sik got slapped a bunch when they were hiding their relationship lolol!<
2. Changing name to something cute on the phone. \~Partially achieved: >!Changing phone wallpaper to cute image of them together, \[Ep 12\]!<
3. ~~"Let's take a break" breakup~~ \~TROPE DEVIATION >!\[Ep 14\] w/ Hyejin being overtly clear that she doesn't want to break up, but that they simply need to take time to work out where they each want their relationship to go in the future <3 !<
4. ~~ML punches someone who threatens FL~~ >!\[Ep 4\]!<
5. ~~Passing each other on the street without seeing each other~~ >!\[Ep 14\] w/ Dusik and Seon-a noona passing by each other on an empty street!<
6. ~~Misplacing phone and missing an important call or text (usually a shot of phone buzzing in an empty room)~~ >!\[Ep 10\] w/ Hyejin calling Dusik before her confession, also partially in \[Ep 11\] w/ Dusik forgetting his phone at Bora Supermarket!<
7. ~~FL gets drunk and someone calls ML to come get her~~ \~DONE BY SIDE CHARACTERS>!\[Ep 14\] w/ Hwajeong and Yeonguk - who knew of all people, we'd get these guys ticking off this trope?!<
8. ~~Parent(s) try to get ML/FL to give up their daughter/son "if they really love them"~~ \~TROPE INVERSION >!\[Ep 9\] w/ HJ's father going "It could be you!"!<
9. ~~MC has some previous, currently-unknown connection with other MC's family~~ >!\[Ep 14\] w/ Ji PD’s noona being the Dusik's "hyung's" wife!!<
10. ~~Focused shot of FL's nervous fidgeting fingers as tensions rise~~ DONE BY ML >!\[Ep 5\] \[Ep 15\]!<
11. ~~Popular, outgoing, social character's sudden disappearance~~ >!\[Ep 15\]!<
12. ~~Truck of Doom (please, please no!)~~ >!\[Ep 15 😭😭😭\]!<
13. ML chasing after the FL's car
14. Time leap to wrap-up MC's story in the final episode
15. Unintentional meddling by friend of ML/FL that makes the scenario between the two more complicated
16. ML/FL intentionally decides to leave/move away, and the one left behind misses them a lot \[anticipated in Ep 16?\]
17. Amnesia (please, please no!!)
18. ML/FL covers FL/ML's eyes to block the sun
19. ~~Noble idiocy - unnecessary breakup for the good of the other person (please, please no!!)~~ Partially done, DONE BY SIDE CHARACTERS >!\[Ep 13?\] w/ Hwajeong divorcing Yeongguk because she thought he felt trapped and was unhappy being married to her!<

(Feel free to add more! :))

**TROPE COUNT =**  63 tropes fully ticked off + 9 partially achieved = **72** **TROPES** :D

(who knew we'd tick off this many? 😂 But what is a good romcom without some good trope-ticking? Thank you HomCha for making these tropes so easy to love! <3)

*Special Thanks to all these users who've helped in the making of this list:* /texaskolaches, /Tiny\_Leadership\_3497,  /aberrantname,  /icommentingifs, /atinakinoref, /my\_guinevere, /elisem0rg, /dekacyclone, /nasyaraidin, /Sunshine\_raes, /drabir, /Bluesrepair, /F0rtuna\_major, /pnpps,  /Jacmert, /birudilangitnegri,  /katwentytwo, and /akapiratequeen

\------------------------------------------------ *Random Aside* \---------------------------------------------------------------

Number of ships in HomCha count: `x6`

* *Sikhye*: Yoon Hye Jin + Hong Du Sik <33
   * Ji PD love triangle:
      * Ji Seong Hyun + Yoon Hye Jin
      * ~~Ji Seong Hyun + Hong Dusik~~
* Ji PD + Wang Ji Won (Wang writer-nim)
* Ijun + Bora
* Hwajeong + Yeongguk
   * Cho Hui love triangle
      * Cho Hui + Yeongguk
      * Cho Hui + Hwajeong
* Oh Yoon + Namsuk/Gossip Ahjumma
* Oh Juri + June Oppa \[one sided, unreciprocated\] 😂🤣

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

|**------------------------------ \[ Easter Eggs/Random Facts/"References" \] ------------------------------**|
|:-|


[Episodes 1-4](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pi7mzp/hometown_chachacha_episode_4/hbsnysf?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episodes 5 & 6](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pmobrr/hometown_chachacha_episode_6/hcjxs6w?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episode 7](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pqjs27/hometown_chachacha_episode_7/hdbf9o1?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episode 8](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pr4yr9/comment/hdg9xvu/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episode 9](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pv40jd/comment/he7wvpe/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episode 10](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/pvqzr6/comment/hegae5g/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episodes 13-14](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/q54p1n/comment/hg345lp/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | [Episode 15](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/comments/q967po/comment/hguj196/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) | Episode 16 |

*\[To fill in as we go\]*
This was such a joy to have in our Gongjin chat group here!! Thanks so much🤗🤗🤗 !!
I’m so happy to discover this place to talk about this drama too ❤️
Me 3 🙌! Loved the interactions here so much too - made my Sha la la weekends (and the weekdays while waiting for the weekends to come) so much better 🤗🤗🤗
Traditionally, Koreans kept the newborn baby inside for the first three months to prevent illness and ensure survival. IIRC, the mother also stays in and rests for the first 30 days after giving birth. Idk if that’s why Geumchol and bora’s mom didn’t have the newborn but the absence of the newborn was definitely noticed.

Edit: rearranged words because my grammar was slacking
I also loved the community was like yeah, whatever it's just hyejin spending the night, no big deal. XD
ya i want to know too!
Totally agree 🙌 - HTCCC is a very high bar and new standard. It was so much fun hypothesizing with everyone here and (having all out theories thrashed ~~trolled~~ by the brilliant writers) 😂😂

Gonna really miss the Gongjin family (here and also in the show) 🥺
yeah true that.. in other dramas, i always did something else when it come to other characters, but not for homcha though.. love all of them, i need to watch all of them..
Same feels.  This is the Kdrama where I felt just as invested in the supporting characters.
how to purchase this?
Thank you for this! Can you also explain what "Jaki" means, Hye-Jin's nickname for Du-Sik? They explained that it could be used to refer to yourself, but does it have another meaning? Like why would Hye-Jin call him that in the first place?
Ugh thank you for clarifying. It seemed like a very bizarre convo and my Korean isn’t nearly good enough to have caught this!!! There are YouTube videos with better translation notes than Netflix!! 🤦🏻‍♀️
I also think Best Actor and Best Screenplay are the nominations (and awards!) it deserves most. Best Drama would depend on what else comes out the rest of the year. I do think it’s hard to overcome the Squid Game juggernaut, then again, I also think the hype on Squid Game would have died down by June of next year.

I also think it’s has a good shot for Supporting Actress (the actress who plays Hwa Yeong).
So true!
I noticed abt the narration too.
yup me too! i'll watch what the director and writer up to in the future..
Hye Jin proposed first actually. But she was sweet enough to let Du Sik propose as well!
Not just that, seems like all the ladies in this drama took the initiative, aside from Hye Jin:

1. Hwang Jeong - was the one who initiated the marriage between her and Young-guk
2. Yun Kyung - prooposed to Geum-chul when she got pregnant according to Du Sik
3. Mi Seon - asked Eun chul first out
4. Writer Ji Won - confessed her feelings first to Ji PD.

I love all these women who took the first step!
I think Bo Ra and I Jun are more like mini versions of MI Seon and Eu Cheol.

And I agree about the chaos! Really, I think HCCC's tagine should be heartwarming chaos
Lonely for me to not being able to check in here daily to get some support
this is the most perfect description of episode 16 💚
I actually think it's the DOS song hehehe!! I remember laughing so much at that bit! 😂🤣

She plays it in the car, helps Juri perform it, gushes when they perform Live, and here, hums it without even realising it XD

Edit: [THIS BIT](https://youtu.be/vRJIsrdGfng?t=51)
learned so much about Domino’s in this episode! 
- it tastes very good (won Ji PD’s approval)
- comes with garlic sauce
- and chilli flakes 

Dominos really milking their KSH collab
I absolutely LOVE when all Toxic characters are addressed fixed and resolved and become lovely characters again. This is exactly why I absolutely love kdramas!!
I find that this show was really good at massaging all types of mental wounds people might have.
I read an article that product placement increases in the 2nd half of a drama because now they have a solid audience who will stick around for the show and not get put off by PPL because they liked the show enough to stay around and will continue to? Not sure about this but yeah it was tooo overt. They could have written it in more organically xD
And where did it come from? Would have been ideal if they had DS as a delivery driver a few times.
Not to mention that Ji PD is the perfect non-toxic SML who also had his happy ending.  I hate it when the great SML gets left behind and end up pining after the FL. 

And Lee Sang Yi looks adorable with those glasses, urghs.
Domino's never tasted as good as that looked!!! I am obviously ordering some tonight 😂
SK/Asia's Domino's is definitely on a whole other level. Last time I ordered Domino's (in the US), my pizza had 3 slices of pepperoni. No garlic or hot sauce either 🤣
And if there ever was a ❤️ triangle between the three of them, they have shiny exhibits A from their uncles to show them how to resolve it nicely. 🤭😬

##SPINOFFFORBORAIJUNPLS
I know! It's like the sponsors wanted in on the money after seeing the show do well worldwide 🤣
The over a ring was funny 
Yummm! Mmmm! So good!!!!
Wait I want the script book. How to buy ?
that's what i'm wondering too..
I binged watched My Name to get over it 😂
Thank you
Head on over to 2Days1Night to see a happier, dorkier SeonHo.🧡 you might like Ravi too 😊
It would be so hilarious if we all go into denial and start watching it on a weekly basis starting next weekend and start up fresh discussion threads 😂
😭😭I started playing ep 1 as soon as episode 16 ended because I just can’t face the fact that I won’t be getting anymore romantic sundays after this one 😭😭😭 what to do?? I really wish they give us a second season! I don’t think I’ll ever get enough of this drama. Officially my most favourite❤️
Yes. I was heartbroken for Ji Pyeong before
Haha I noticed this too!! Although the Eros scene was very modest (at least compared to American shows), the director and writers knew how to convey their attraction & sexual tension to viewers while still keeping things fairly PG; I'm impressed.
😂 I noticed that too! Every single thing about this drama was special and perfect
Finally a pizza product placement that didn't belong in /r/pizzacrimes
I wonder if this was incorporated due to squid game hype or if it was scripted all along.
Yes 🙌 me too! I think Squid Game has ruined this permanently for me.
I love that too. Saying and mentioning her name keeps her memory alive.
Watching the finale, and crying a bunch 😭 😭 😭
I don’t know either 😞. The void is real.
It was exactly what we needed hahaha.  I loved all the fluff too!  Our Gongjin residents deserve all the love and happiness that ep16 brought.
Thank you so much throughout the course of the episodes for providing some KSH trivia, inside jokes and keeping the overall reddit threads alive with your comments.

I always knew i'd find interesting replies of yours whenever i opened reddit (i joined only to participate in Homcha discussions).
Hopefully, ksh does more dramas and i am sure i'll find you there as well. Take care!
I know how you feel.  I started watching HTCC as an afterthought and as a filler for Lovers of the Red Sky but gosh, before I knew it, I was so invested in all the characters, but most especially Sikhye.  The last time I felt this way was during IOTNBO so I guess it's a yearly thing for me.  There really is THAT drama that just pulls you in deep and I'm glad it was HTCCC for this year.
Also when HJ took DS hand before the picture scenes.  She took his hand with 3 fingers - it was like JungHoon when he grabbed the string in 2D1N…SeonHo then said he grabs everything like this…

I laughed for sure.  They really did have fun during this show parodying other works.
The details like these throughout just made it so magical and special and perfect!!
Yes!!!! The voice overs, at least in the subtitles, seemed to be in the past tense...so I was worried they would say and then this awful catastrophe happened 😳😳😳😳
I had the same question since ep15 when they were saying the HDS started calling Hyejin Hyejin-ah but she still insisted on calling him Hongbangjan.  Would love to get some Korean perspective on this since from my side, I think Dusik-ih sounds cute.  Hyejin sounded really cute when she called him that on the ep7 epilogue.
I think they explain this in one of the earlier episodes I think when she first learns what his name is.
wondering about this too!
Loooool so shocked to see domino's as "delicious pizza".
I LOVED the proposal. I also loved the fact that they finally had sex LOL. The K-dramas I have seen lean towards being not open about sex at all, so this was actually so nice. It was so nice to see them together in a real relationship, it was so lovely to see Hye-Jin's character development. Thoughts:

* I think I-Jun and Bora are some of the cutest and most well developed child characters I have seen written. Like so well done. I also love how I-Jun's parents tend to ask him for permission to do things like he's the adult. Its so cute!
* I didn't expect myself to love HwaJeong and Yong Guk as much as I did. BUT THEY WERE EVERYTHING.
* OFC OUR COUPLE AND THEIR PROPOSAL HOW CUTE. SO ROMANTIC BUT GROUNDED AS WELL AND PRACTICAL. HIM PICTURING HYE-JIN in his HOUSE IS SO CUTE and shes acting all cutesy and kind of sultry I LOVE IT. 
* Gam-Ri's death. I was a little upset the writers did this but I kind of understand why. They wanted Chief Hong to have an opportunity to deal with loss in a way he felt supported and felt like he could grieve. I am so glad Hye-Jin was there for him. SHE IS THE CATCH! They're sweethearts.
* More of the previous episode but poor Du-Sik blaming himself but then playing with his adorable nephew. I CRIED SO MUCH.
* I also loved how Hye-Jin wants to be his family. I love that.
* EUN CHOEL AND MISEON <3 <3 I KNEW HE WAS THE LOTTERY WINNER!
* Okay my only complaint: I wanted more chemistry between the writer and Ji PD in a way that was obvious and not awkward and subtle. WHY WAS JI PD TAKING SO LONG?! CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN?
Episodes 1-10 were in a completely different league to the rest for sure
Interesting that you pointed that out! I think I would agree. I’m still about behind by a few episodes! I think I stopped right after the confession. Or an episode after that..Haven’t felt like watching it although I do love the show. Maybe something has slowed down like you mentioned 🤔 I haven’t been able to pin point what though 

I’m sure I’ll watch it sometime soon!
I saw this 637 on reddit and when I saw that in the show, I laughed haha 👍👍👍👍
Agree! Or as if the director forgotten abt the PPL then oops! Slipped it in on last ep haha
So distracting from a beautiful show, makes it look cheap and unenjoyable. 

The Domino’s PPL has to be the worse I have ever seen and I have seen a bunch of pizza and food product placement. I understand they need to pay bills and raise money, but you can always do so subtly but some bonehead at Domino’s Seoul Branch decided to force it all in out faces maybe we will order more pizza.
He's not the main character but try "Once Again"? Watching it right now and loving his character there! Though, I have to warn you 'cause it's 50 episodes. 😅
Even cinematography, props, their clothes, umbrella, half lights in the beach etc also had meaning and was deliberate.
and " hye jin ah" for me. That voice!!
I love her simplistic nature, she is not as materialistic as hyejin. She wanted the money so she can have a dream home with her man was wholesome, made my heartache and shed tears. I am so proud of her, she accepts her man for who he is doesn’t try to change him, she admires his good nature and is blessed to be his partner.
Same… and the rest of the folks who worked on the show deserve all the praise for making it so great 😢
Reply 1988 was heartbreaking as I am a >! Jungpal X DeokSun shipper !< 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 but indeed, reply1988 is wholesome and well written as well. 🧡🧡
Oooh where’d you find this? I really hope so!! I miss HCCC already and it hasnt even been a day 😢😆
Aye aye!
Wish granted 😂
same! I think it was non stop from the scene when they were reunited. Such joy! And the bantering is back but always with a heart fluttering follow up. Ugh how to go back to rl
She’s indeed a rom-com queen!
I hope when you wake up, you’ll feel much better when you watch this actual BTS of the Halmeoni and friends sleepover:

https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingBros/comments/q9bqxl/confused_big_doggo_checking_on_his_bro_if_he_is/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Me too.. 😭😭 wonder how my weekends will be without Homcha.. 😩😩
If you come to think of it, Hong Dushik is very qualified to be even the governor or mayor or congressman or higher.  So maybe that will be his path -- public service.
I think part of all of us single af folks felt in our souls Nam-suk and Hwa-jeong's reactions 😂😂

also why does it feel like Hwa-jeong biting her lower lip in barely concealed disgust is a play on Kim Seon-ho biting his lower lip and looking hot whilst doing so 😏😏😏
hahah i lol hard to at that tweet
#How do we get a season 2??
Koreans didn’t originally propose with rings, that was a western thing that was recently adopted by Koreans.
I think in this particular case they both proposed with something that is very specific and meaningful to both of them: >!shoes!< and the >!necklace he wanted to get her, that she ended up admitting to have sold to avoid awkwardness the night they told each other they loved each other!< 🙂 basically symbolic. 

And I did notice the ring too. I would’ve loved if she had also worn >!the necklace for the wedding shoot in addition to her already pretty necklace!< but that’d be nitpicking 😀
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Your post has been removed for breaking one of r/KDRAMA's [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/wiki/rules) or [Policies](https://www.reddit.com/r/KDRAMA/wiki/policies).
The baton proposal was perfect! It highlights that they’re running the race in life together and they’re a team. Hopefully the show gets many awards.
The dominos ad was so cringey and hilarious at the same time. I think Ji PD and DS were laughing at how corny it was 😂😂. Husband and I ended up getting dominos pizza for dinner tonight so the PPL worked haha
Took me completely of the moment! I feel as if Ji DP's character was there solely for the purpose of ppl. He had to show so many products throughout this series! They felt so out of place!
I definitely do feel you about Hyejin, because if Dusik is happy doing what he's doing, then that's all that should matter to her. But I think she will eventually let that go over time. We have to remember in the same way that Dusik is healing, Hyejin is too. Remember what brought her to Gongjin in the first place - it was her mom's birthday. The village already had some sentiment to her before she even moved there, and now even moreso.

And even though she has done a good job of adapting to life in Gongjin so far, it's still only been less than a year and there are parts of her old ways of big city life that she has yet to let go of (or at least, loosen her grip a little). Also she only just found out about Dusik's past and still learning and understanding how to be there and support him in the way that he needs. I think they will be okay :)
Hmm, if you don’t want your mum to see you squealing when two very good looking men start eating 🍕, yah avoid that segment. 🤣
nope they didn't
I think the writer deliberately left that open ended. They definitely would have according to their 7 years destined meet up, but I wonder if writer left that to the audience imagination we can come up with our own theories. Hyejin also didnt realize it was dusik on the bridge, if she did she didn’t tell dusik.   


several things are left open ended we don’t see them drink the wine, the real wedding doesn’t take place just a photo shoot, hyejin is yet to take dusik to visit her parents place in Seoul, we don’t know what dusik next professional title will be considering how ambitious his bride is it is not greed she just wants her husband to shine bright, they will have possible 2 kids, we also didn’t see double dates planned by miseon.
Lol you won’t be disappointed
What’s really appealing abt this show is apart from the leads, the side stories r wonderful.
I believe it’s the name of the town.
[deleted]
Idk I respect your opinion but the way the show laid out everything is pretty realistic to me. The pacing was about just right, all the side stories were told well. They all had their fair share of spotlights without missing the main story. And it contributed to the whole narrative the show is telling us.
Are you Ji PD’s writer? 😂
I agree with you on everything you said. And you explained it well. 

I quite enjoyed the show. It was fun and I am a fan of Kim Seon Ho, like Shin Min A and liked most of the side character actors as well, however, objectively, the show was pretty good, not great through, according to me as well. The past few episodes were not as good, in particular.

They dragged Du Shik’s secret for so long and it magically disappears overnight. Just snap. Gone. Some crying. And that’s that?!

Also, Du Shik was not the guard’s financial advisor who had to act as a fiduciary. It is a person’s job to be careful with their own money and have a diversified portfolio if you are managing own your money. I get that DS feels bad for not picking his call, but the show makes it seem like Du Shik was responsible for what was the guard’s own fault. 

I also particularly didn’t like how they wrote the makeup of the divorced couple as you mentioned. It was too sudden after years of downward spiral and a separation. Also, they dragged the ‘secret’ for so long.

The pervert piece was also lazy writing. So was how everyone is conveniently related to everyone for no apparent reason.

Having said that, I enjoyed it. It was light and fun. It won’t stay in my mind as a classic but I hope to see more of the writer/director and the actors of course.
I also expected a little bit more from the last episode. And I was disappointed with all the last-minute PPL.
spoiler tags please.
The panic mumbling is just the best!
The panic mumbling had me in stitches
Cheesy or not my face was aching with all that smiling!💖
I absolutely loved this line from Ji PD, and it’s even more poignant now due to the pandemic. 😢
I remembered this beautiful dish washing scene it’s one of my favorite. The camera just shot from outside the house seeing gamri and ji pd talking at the sink.
Where'd you get the script books?
I didn’t know we can order a copy of the scriptbook! can you share where did you order from?
[deleted]
Haha ...don't forget "What is there to ruin with rice and water"
Ahh I loved those too! This show was spectacular from start to finish <3
🤝 

Lol. Now I can never look at kdrama proposals the same way again. 

(Sees wedding 💍) : 😒😒😒😒

👠👠👞👞🪥🪥: 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Agree! Hope she gets more offers! she was awesome in this role I loved her delivery
I think this is my favoriteee part of the show. They tied up everyone’s stories so nicely solved all the mysteries and left us feeling so satisfied at the end
Seonho also has **Catch the Ghost** with Moon Geun Young and **You Drive Me Crazy** with Lee Yoo Young which is a short-form drama I highly recommend! ◡̈
I love Oh My Venus! So Ji Sub's chemistry with SMA is also sizzling there and the show taught us to have a healthy BMI with healthy diet (not the typical thin of korea standard ) . Initially I watched Hometown Cha Cha Cha because of Shim Min Ah, now I am loving Kim Seon Ho as well . I am going to watch the rest of KSH dramas, excluding Startup because I have watched those and I cant go past ep 10 because it is written so terribly
I also recommend 100 days my Prince! Though he’s SL he’s played it to perfection and his bromance with the Prince is hilarious. Not to mention D.O.’s fab performance as the Prince.
Very ecstatic that I had the opportunity to host this drama as well after **Start-Up**! Have no one else to thank but the lovely mods of this sub for making it happen, special mention to u/sianiam! Always, always a pleasure to be hosting the on-airs for this sub ♡
Thanks for calculating! I was wondering the same..
Yep, roughly $4700 USD currently (5,554,640 KRW)
Ummm, healing from trauma is a process. I wouldn’t say he is healed now as if he’s a baked potato that’s “done”. And who’s to say he won’t be ambitious in the future? People change, but I would think it’s unrealistic to expect him to plug into LinkedIn to get an engineering job during episode 16. And anyhow, he’s married to Hye Jin. He may get there, with her encouragement. But I think the series ended on a realistic note.
I think it was an intentional part of the story. Dushik found contentment and peace with his simple life in Gongjin, and that's a big part of the charm and peculiarity that attracted Hyejin both to him and the town. That's not to say that thing can't change in the future for them, but I think it was important that it was shown that Hyejin could be happy in Gongjin with him even if things stayed more or less the way things were.
Me too! 💞 Gosh they are so good I can't believe HTCCC ended. 🙈😩🥲
I think it depends on the time slot and what channel you're on. For cable channel dramas, and late night ones I think, it's a lot harder than primetime broadcast shows?
[deleted]
Same! It was cringe but hilarious because they were like I can’t believe we’re doing this crap, let’s just go all in and more 😂
Aha! I missed all that. I wonder if it was lost in Netflix translation. Oh well will just have to do a rewatch from the start 😜

Thank you though! I have, since I made the post in the morning, gathered the same through my 2D1N watch and kind redditors like yourself 😊
Yeah I haven’t seen Squid Game but the >!kids carving out the shapes out of Dalgona seemed to be a cheeky nod to the show that I believe features the same.!< This was my assumption based on all the memes I’ve been seeing but it could just be kids simply making dalgona shapes.
They actress who played gamri was also the mom in Squid game?
Oh the concept was >!”harmony” i.e the collaboration between glamour (Hye Jin) and simplicity (Du Shik)!< 😀
When Dusik started to talk about how there's an app he uses to order the pizza, I was like..."No, it can't be..." Then BAM! DOMINOS!
[removed]
Welcome newbie! Late reply, in case you haven't found the answer yet, KSH is Kim Seon Ho and SMA is Shin Min Ah -- they are the main leads of Hometown Cha Cha Cha
Last night i was trying to think on how to rank HCCC with my other favorites Prison Playbook, Still 17 and My Mister. In terms of strong impact on me while watching, HCCC takes the cake.
I am curious too. Usually the show the females wearing tiny white ribbons in their hair too.
Good luck with your new job! This is an encouraging success story for me, thank you for sharing. I’m going to keep the Sikhye quote you mentioned in my mind, it is true - it is worth it

Also- I love your username. Been a while since I’ve had kolaches and it makes me want to find one!
This made me cry in a good way. I’m touched, your words come in to my life at the right time too. I thank you so much for the encouragement and I am rooting for your success too ❤️
I’m rooting for you! And I like the wisdom from the old guy
Yah! Gong Minjeung nailed Miseon, I can’t imagine anyone else pulling it off. Hope she gets more scripts.. this is my first time seeing her!
Yes :((( so many stories to tell
I'm jealous we don't have garlic sauce. ☺️
I wondered if they might have a little time skip and show us some >!kids!<. 🤣 There's always room for one more trope LoL.
we see how now Hye Jin is Hong ban jang's sidekick. Heart this adorable couple. And they left behind a super expensive camera!
Yes! I was definitely hoping for a sweet, joyful Gongjin wedding.
My guess is probably someone unexpected but we've just been missing the signs/clues the writers have been giving us. Lol

Edit: I knew it was >!Eun cheol!<. My gut was right, silly writers tried to >!throw us off!< lol
So we have been right all along !
you can save this comment so you can always go back to it :’) I agree, the finale feels more like a new and brighter beginning. I hope they all live a happy life. It’s a pleasure to have witnessed their journey. how I wish we get to see them again 🥰
Best Screenwriter! <3
i love the ev audi but i need to befriend euncheol first hahaha
Kopiko likes this comment
Hyejin changed car models starting from the golfing episode!
iPhone is very frugal in terms of new technology. Things that Android phones have now will be in iPhone after several years. It's not worth it really. - ex iPhone fanboy. 🤣
Maybe NGM will get the Daesang. How was Jisung in Devil Judge? I didn't watch but jisung is one of my favourite actors too. Jirisan will be replacing homcha next and there's Ju Jihoon there. Another strong contender. I'd love to see Seon Ho win a Baeksang too but not sure if Hong Dushik role is heavy enough.
Aside from Kim seon ho, I like Kim Soo Hyun a lot too
Lol. I had to search for that video. Thanks to you I had a hearty laugh. That was super funny.
I think noble idiocy was achieved by hwajeong and her husband? One of the reasons of their divorce was because she thought he felt trapped and was unhappy being married to her.
My pleasure! 😀😀😀🤗
I got mine [here](https://www.ktown4u.com/iteminfo?goods_no=68391). The scriptbook and ost album are available too if you’re interested~
Jagiya or Jagi means honey, based on what I’ve seen and heard so far in the other dramas I’ve watched. I was watching that scene and mentally telling Hye Jin, “call him Jagi, call him Jagi.”
 Lee Bong Ryun who played Hwa Jung won the Baeksang Best Actress in Theatre this year, so I wouldn’t be surprised if she’s nominated in Best Supporting Actress!!
such a beautiful way to phrase that! it definitely did, and with so much love and care.
Ah so it’s like the last mile to go all out with product placement. I think they can edit the entire part and make it into a commercial lol
Yeah this is right. Also, KSH is the new face of dominos pizza in Korea since beginning of 2021! I guess he had to endorse it fully 😂
Yes yes yes to everything you said
Dominos pizza in Los Angeles charges $0.75 for garlic sauce 😂😂
Yes!! Was totally thinking this was the Next Generation Triangle haha😂🥰
My question is why did Dominoes waited  till the last episode for PPL? 😀
Where are you from? If you’re from SEA, try searching for a group order on twitter. If you’re from the US or Europe, I think ktown4u is your best bet. There is a discount if you order through a specific link also.
Me 3! 🤭🥺
Actually I’ve been watching it too! Ksh as hong dushik and as himself in 2d1n surely feel like 2 different entities sometimes lol
Ahahahahahaha oooooh can we? 'Cause I sure need it until I can reach acceptance stage!  Hahaha 😂
I feel you 'cause I think we invested so much in this drama. Like the ending almost feels like we lost a part of ourselves. Hahahahha oh em... Dushik-ah, help us move onnnn
awww i'm feeling so grateful now.. i didn't even thought people will remember me lol.. i'll keep updating about seonho and minah (but especially seonho because i follow him in 1N2D lol) in other drama or maybe movie thread.. take care too!!
Right lol
Biological crisis overcame
Or maybe that last ep has highest ratings so they were sponsored at the last minute? Usually sponsors are recurring. I strongly suspect Domino's contacted them at the past minute
Yeah like it doesn't even make sense plot wise. HDS loves cooking and he would never choose to order pizza instead of feeding his friend lmao. But the fact that it is so bad that we are talking about it means they already got their money's worth
Some may have not watched Reply 1988 yet (or in the midst of it) so you might wanna use the spoiler tag though!
I found it in tvn asia IG. So I don't know if they will be showing something on Saturday or maybe my interpretation is wrong. Hahaha
Someone else commented that in the movie, DS became village chief
If only it were possible :((
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I love that!
>running the race in life together

Yes, I really hope they get recognized for their excellent acting, story, visuals, everything!
I do too but with the current issue of KSH, it might not be. 😔
They were 100% laughing as themselves and not their characters
I like your optimism! And I choose to live in a world where this is the outcome. I like to think that the longer she spends in the village the stronger her ties to it grow. Thanks for your comment and getting me to think about things a little more optimistically.
The need a movie so we can have a reunion with our HCCC friends and we can see these things happen.
ohhh, that is good to hear, thank you
That is good to hear, thank you
Aw sweet. Thanks!
Ooh thank you!
Hahaha I tend to get rambly and overly critical 😬 Coincidentally, even though we didn't get to know much about her, I did enjoy her character :P
Wow I think you're the only person here who agrees with me xD

And yes! Even I found Du-sik's secret underwhelming. After so many episodes of build up, I thought we'd get to see him having done something legitimately bad and having learnt and growth from it. Kind of like a redemption arc. But the kind of painted him as a hero in the situation and tried to minimise any mistakes he made. I personally would have loved to see a ML do something actually bad cuz people are flawed and that's okay!

Yeah, it was enjoyable to watch in the beginning but it won't be a classic for me.
Where are you from? If you’re from SEA, try searching for a group order on twitter. If you’re from the US or Europe, I think ktown4u is your best bet. There is a discount if you order through a specific link also.
I got mine from a Korean site but you can try ktown4u if you’re interested in buying
Yes precisely! Exactly my thoughts, you expressed them better than me haha 🤣 tbh I would have forgotten about the third mystery if they didn't cover it!
Thanks for putting up with all my demands! <333

Congrats on a year of hosting and supporting Seon Ho!
Ohh I just looked it up. Loewe is a high-end, expensive brand? Lol typical for kdramas. They wear normal-looking clothes but are actually super expensive.

Hahaha, I thought I was the only one with the same reaction to the French tuck. It's super distinctive and I like fashion so my eyes are always drawn to it (in a good way). I like analyzing the details of kdramas.

Edit: clarified a sentence
Oh yeah, the subtitles just say “the kids are playing” when the adults are talking, but Hwajeong often says “Ijun went or go play ppobkki with Bora” or something along those lines in Korean. Squid Game didn’t invent the dalgona cookie; they were made as little street foods in post war Korea when the country was super poor. It’s something I associate more with like my grandparents’ or parents’ generations.

There were a lot of subtitle issues for Homecha (similar to what you see going viral with Squid Game). But Korean idioms and wordplay are really hard to translate into English. We just get the warm fuzzy feelings no matter the language though 😇
[deleted]
Ohhh right thank you!!

Honestly I didn't really like her photoshoot wedding dress eep
Her daughter is in Harvard and the son was from Seoul Uni.
I thought she changed car models between the first episode and the episode where she drives the gang to Seoul too. The car in the first episode looks like sedan
He will be nominated for sure  he was. Nominated for Start up being the only one from that rom com drama so I think kim so hyun was also nominated for its okay hometown cha3 is romcom but stiil very intricately done ep 15 should be enough to nominate him he is amazing and has shown his full range I am pretty sure about it
Kim Soo Hyun is on a whole new level of acting. He really is something else! No wonder he earns so much per episode.
I love both KSH's too and here for a bit of trivia : both KSH are propelled to A-list stars after acting in the same drama with Suzy
Hahaha next time keep a kimchi bag for self defense. :)
True! Wow, we really are ticking them all off. 

I'm going to put this down as partially achieved! Because, yes, even though it's quite clear to us now that it was noble idiocy - it wasn't to Hwajeong at the time. It was quite heartbreaking for her, and Yeongguk's words were unfortunately a bit too extreme that night when he was drunk.
Ahhh Jagiya sounds familiar lol I just had no clue it had a double meaning. Thanks for responding!
Ohhh that makes sense xD
Hahaha it was quite difficult to take SeonHo seriously as DuSik in the first episodes as we know SeonHo in 2D1N then I didnt realise I was seeing him already as DuSik as the show progressed. 🧡
I’m in! Hahaha.
We do! I look forward to your posts in every thread. Thank you!
Sorry for that, edited! 😊
This was bothering me.  Now that Hong Dushik comes in terms on his guilt and decide to forgive himself even if he did nothing wrong, and I know he likes to stay in Gongin,  he is a smart math prodigy, shouldnt he have more ambition now that he is going to raise a family.  He can run a business, go into politics, teach, be hired in engineering jobs  but doing menial jobs for minimum wage should not be his norm.
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
I don't know about this. What's the issue?
Like any couple, they will probably have to talk it out later on and work through it. I think this couple has shown that they're mature and considerate enough to handle it, though!
Aw i saw this comment too late. I placed an order with an ebay user. Hopefully i dont get scammed lol
Thanks!
[deleted]
> There were a lot of subtitle issues for Homecha

Yeah, like the Administration and Welfare center or whatever that Yeong-guk works at. Those two words start with "haeng" and "bok" and so when Yeong-guk abbreviated them, it became "haeng-bok" which literally means "happy" in Korean. So he was proposing to Hwajeong that he would become her "happy center" from now on!
Thanks so much for all the additional insight, always interesting to learn more!

I can relate with associating certain foods as well as certain idioms/phrases with parents/grandparents’ generations due to the country being poor.  

I should say though that I definitely didn’t think Squid Game invented the dalgona cookie but having not come across them in the KDramas I’ve seen so far (and now I’m thinking possibly it being a case of being a victim of Netflix subtitles!) I thought it was a cheeky reference to current real life pop culture ( totally on me though). Just like it felt like they used online fan theories to cheekily try and have characters in the show guess who won the lottery or what Du Shik was up to those 5 years or dialogues like the whole “who gets double digit ratings these days”. Hehe.
You’re probably right! I just figured since they were still filming HCCC whilst the Squid Game mania has been on that perhaps it was a reference.

But as you said funnily enough I just saw it on a 2D1N episode from a few weeks or so ago too and one of the missions was making a star shape.
Haha I was with you when I saw the promos but then the look kinda grew on me. I think I would’ve absolutely loved it if they had let down her hair like she had it on the beach in episode 1.
Your comment got me thinking. The only outfit combo of theirs that I didn’t like at all during the finale was what they wore at the beach for the proposal. The colours didn’t do it for me 😕
I agree! He is on top of his game
Let's be like the people of Gongjin supporting each other 'til we heal. 🥲
Agreed, I wish they showed him getting the zone chief or village chief position. Dude ran a freaking investment fund, DS working minimal wage jobs is waste of talent
[removed]
[removed]
Hmm just search Kim Seon Ho on Google 💚 but it seems like it is getting better 💚💚
thanks!
Haha fair! Shouldn’t have assumed :)
Good point!
The cream and red pattern dress right? Agreed. It wasn't amazing but it wasn't awful either.
Indeed 🤗
She can do dentisty things and he can raise the kids
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Oh you’re totally fine! 😀
Ya that’s the one. I felt like the colours washed them out a bit but they’re both so cute and good looking it didn’t matter. Plus the >!shoes!< were amazing 😍
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
