 It made me so frustrated every time the show cut away from them!
Sooooooooooooo much chemistry. Amazing casting.
It's funny how perceptions can be so different.  I didn't feel the chemistry, really wanted to, but didn't...
Wow, I thought their chemistry seemed pretty forced. Kate was also quite snobbish which perhaps put me off. Interesting how I'm seeing divided opinions about their chemistry on the internet.
I dont understand why they took that out. Why remove something that makes your character more interesting? If so, why didn't they replace it with something else? Its like the writers only wanted Anthony to have some form of trauma.
Yes to this. After Kate had the chance to care for Anthony during the bee incident, he should have gotten the chance to do the same for her in the library. Removing her trauma flattened her character and killed a great scene :(
I wish they kept her fear of thunderstorms so they both had some traumas and fears that they could help each other overcome. I wanted the hiding under the desk scene so bad where he comforts her because it’s that PIVOTAL scene in the books that their relationship changes as they share their traumas.
1,000 times yes. Why completely remove the characters' main motivations in a way that removes depth and complexity?

Edit: typos
I think the library scene was removed because that whole plot would have been challenging to adapt to the screen, and they decided the time was better spent elsewhere. You couldn't have had the library scene without the larger context of Kate's distress in storms, Kate having episodes during storms, the eventual revelation of why Kate gets upset at storms, and the anticlimactic resolution as it was in the book. This singular plot point would have disrupted the entire layout of the Netflix story. It was also meant to parallel Anthony's trauma over his father's death/fear of dying at a certain age, etc., which was heavily edited as well.

I completely understand why some book-lovers miss the scene, but it wouldn't have adapted to the screen without significant accommodation with time and structuring. That arch in the book was not concluded until months into their marriage. It was also resolved rather abruptly for such a profoundly traumatic storyline (child screaming with dead mother in the storm, etc.). After one discussion with Mary, Kate is suddenly like, "Well, now I know, so it's ok." The Netflix version captured that same intimacy/vulnerability between Kate and Anthony by their adherence to wanting to do the right thing by their families, the sense of duty, and the shared loss of parental figures.

As for the desk scene, I noticed they kept Anthony's dalliances with other women to an early montage of him working/using prostitutes. This was placed pointedly right before the dawn sequence where Anthony first encounters Kate. If I had to guess, just like with Simon, they wanted to balance the off-putting "rake" behavior. Additionally, it would have been difficult to shoot and act, and it involved forced physical contact. All physical encounters were consensual in this version, which was a massive relief. Netflix provided similar scenes where the two of them are alone in a space realizing their attraction, and it was accomplished without the complicated subplot that might jeopardize viewers' opinions of Anthony.  Anthony is deliberately not shown kissing/being physical with anyone else after seeing Kate. They even show him tossing Siena Rosso's flier into the fire in his office, which I thought was a nod to the book's opera singer/office scene.

The book spent the most effort on the pre-marriage build-up, so I wasn't surprised that the show kept that focus. It would be nice to see more of their marital interplay in future seasons, but I think they wanted to avoid duplicating season one.
I could not agree more.
I decided to read the book after watching this season and there is a lot I like more in the book but some I like more in the show. I feel like the library scene should have been in there. I liked it a lot, showing Kate's vulnerability and Anthony truly caring for her. 
 But i do like her character in the show more a bit more especially after she realizes her feelings for him. She is still fairly strong and doesn't lose her wit as much. I feel in the book, after she realizes she is in love with him and after the get married she cowers to him a lot more and seems just overcome with emotions for him that she loses a bit of her sharpness she had when they were sparring earlier. 
I much prefer the love scene in the show how they come together kind of on equal footing rather than Anthony completely in charge, especially since that already happened last season.
I mean I was ok with how they did the library scene. I think it would’ve been really contrived to see a grown woman hiding under a desk in a frightened stupor because of a thunderstorm and have Anthony play hero to her in the show.  It especially wouldn’t work if we’re to believe she was essentially raised in India with their monsoon season….
YES YES YES YES YES

My thoughts exactly
There's literally none. It's all Edwina and the love triangle.
Exactly this. Also, I know this was the done thing back then, but the fact that he's 29 and edwina seems 15 was making me cringe the entire time. Like why do you want to marry the naive child that you and the actual love of your life both feel you have to "manage" again? All they do is manage Edwina like an afterthought whilst proclaiming they both have her interest at heart. And she lets herself get managed up until the wedding. It should have stopped way earlier. Left so many bad tastes in my mouth. I wanted to root for Kate and Anthony but they made it so damn hard. Obviously their chemistry is on fire so it's like eff it, just kiss already and eff the whole thing up, but they don't even do that. The lack of self awareness was way too overdone this season.
+1000 likes for you! (Sorry, no money for awards). 

It is such a yucky situation for a light hearted romance.. the whole sister triangle.
I agree, especially when there was so much focus on how the ton reacted to the scandals the Bridgerton family found themselves wrapped up in. I'm not sure what purpose all of that ridicule leads to and felt like seemingly endless second-hand embarrassment.
Exactly, it makes the leads unlikable.
YES THIS THIS
completely agree, they spent too much time building Anthony and Edwina, that Kates just kinda fell into the background…
The episodes were all too long.  Give us 9 episodes instead of 70 minute episodes.
I agree with you. I don't understand why lady D was so angsty to Kate in the series. In the books she is the masterful match maker and loves these witty string women. But this season it was all about appeasing the queen and getting Edwina married. I wish she had been in Kate's side more.
The the books, Lady Danbury is a DRAGON 🐉 but in the show, she’s a little rabbit who cowers before the queen.
I don’t think I’ve ever enjoyed an adaptation that veered away from the book so much! The Viscount who loved me is my favorite of the Bridgerton books, and usually I’m a stickler for keeping to the storyline but I think the chemistry with the actors and the fact it would have been really hard to explain his own theory of death by 38 in a show made the changes ok. It seemed like they kind of changed it to he was terrified of losing someone he loved/just trying to find a perfect viscountess after being thrust into responsibility among tragedy which Kate did as well. I loved how they both had ample opportunity to put the halt on Anthony/Edwina, but they were both so freaking stubborn that they didn’t which I felt was extremely in character. I was upset that Kate turned him down at first but I totally understood it was how they were playing up her insecurities of him being burdened with her. 
I wish there had been more Kate and Anthony and less Featheringtons. I like Penelope but didn’t need as much of the mom and new lord. They could have used the time for more teasing each other and also the sweet moments like the library (I melted at him comforting her in the book) and chasing Newton, although I understand why they cut the storylines that would have been hard to portray. 

Overall I’m happy because I basically now have two separate Kate and Anthony stories that both have their pluses and minuses.
If I recall i saw an article saying Francesca was supposed to be more prominent but due to her schedule she ended up on the back burner like season 1
Exactly. And for what? Only to have it filled with way to many conversations of family telling other family what to do with their lives. And especially if they are really, really, really sure they need to marry person X. The actors must have felt like they did the same scene over and over again, cant imagine no one spoke up about this.
I was like just hurry up, I want to see Kanthony but they did it in the last episode. It was harder to follow.
Yes, it was too much. I just can not.
Yeah it was a little too many « I can’t have you » by the end I honestly stopped caring about them for a full 2 episodes but thankfully their get together was cute.
Yes!!! The scene where Edwina was so kind to the king made me tear up, and it now makes sense that the Queen would want to match Edwina with the prince. I ship it!
I totally ship this! I liked the prince's character and I felt so bad for him in a similar way I felt bad for Edwina. I loved Edwina's agency with the king so it would make sense if she joined their family officially! The queen seems to have a soft spot for her even though she said she only picked her as the Diamond because of Lady Danbury.
much better than making her marry a man called Bagswell lol!! give her the prince he was cute!!
They def teased it though with everybody losing staff
This was my hope as well, a surprise Sophie reveal and their meeting. But also because every time I see Benedict on screen I get absurdly giggly. Love that man lmao
Pretty sure they skipped that scene because they’re setting it up for Penelope’s and Colin’s story.  Shonda herself said they were going to go out of order in an interview and from what I saw this season, this is the story they’re going to do next.
It was sad to me that Cressida said she’s an only child. If the cowpers are supposed to be Sophie’s step family (as rumored on this sub), that means we don’t get Posy 😒
Was Benedict the one who went to that party last year and hooked up with the guy?  Is he bisexual?  Would be great to see bisexual man story!
I have a feeling that the reason they didn't tease Sophie is because they may not have Benedict's story next season....
I hated the wedding.  They should not have gone that far.  

I don't mind them taking out the forced wedding with that being the story last season.

I wish they'd given us the scene of Anthony and Kate walking Newton through the park.

New show runner next season, I can't say I'm sad if that happens.
Its almost like the actors had so much chemistry they were like we need to drag this out!

The actress playing Kate is so beautiful. I didn't see it at first because she doesn't suit the costuming very well (imo don't flay me) but she is stunning!
I hated the love triangle.
I’m salty they drew the Edwina relationship out for honest to god 3/4 of the season and then didn’t even give us a Kate Anthony wedding. Da fuq
Ha I do the same thing! Almost mental fanfiction.
Yes I don't see Phillip as good for Eloise but I loved mention of him and the twins in the show!  

He was so much more likeable to than book Phillip. Just a happy man excited about plants!
I love that you mentioned "Not enough Newton". I really wished they'd put in a crazy chase through Hyde Park into the show! #NewtonDeservedBetter.

I absolutely loved Kate and Anthony (though I found ep 6 rather drawn out and honestly wished the the wedding had been called off earlier). That epilogue scene playing pall-mall was wonderful!

Overall, I loved the leads much better this season. RJP is super hot and all but Simon and Daphne were kind of boring to me. 

Also Anthony climbing out of the river > Simon and the Spoon.
I’m gutted about Penelope and Eloise
Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if they did a final season doing all the epilogue chapters, also as a way to celebrate the end of the show as opposed to letting Gregory's story be the end. They might also be saving married kate and Anthony for next season, Simone has expressed interest in coming back and Kate appears in other stories so I'm excited to see her back.
Show colin has been an absolute bore to me for 2 seasons, he doesn't seem charming at all in my opinion. Another note, I was really missing a funny berbrooke scene between Anthony, Edwina, Kate and a berbrooke. I love when they pop up lol
More life after marriage is what I missed too. It feels like a Disney movie: like life ends after marriage, or at least life is forever wonderful if you are.   


I didn't want them to have another Daphne/Simon storyline where they are forced into a marriage because of someone catching them being "inappropriate", although that is how it happens in the book. But at least in the book, half of the story came after the wedding and working on the communication/relationship.
Theloise 😍
Romance was waaay tuned down both in relation to the first season and the book
Interesting take on Kathony. I just could not bring myself to like Kate that much.
Imo, the issue with BookAnthony’s “I’m going to die so I might as well avoid love” storyline is that he doesn’t tell anyone about it, so it would be SUPER complicated to show onscreen. He would need to confide in someone for the viewer to understand his fears, and then that other character would just be like “bro that’s wack” and then it would be over. ShowAnthony fearing love because of what grief did to his mother was much easier to portray!
They pushed the Edwina story with Anthony too far. I just don't get it. I'm not a huge fan of the bee scene, but I thought they'd come up with something and instead to just draw it out over and over again. Ugh.
Yes! His own mortality is what makes sense as to why he doesn’t want to marry for love. Why cut it out and make it more complicated in the show?
Eloise is very sheltered, she’s never had to worry about money or shelter. She complains about the place of ladies in her society, because she doesn’t realise how privileged she is. She doesn’t have to worry about her parents forcing her to marry and abusive man because they can’t provide for her. 

I think she’ll get more character development next season which I look forward to.
I was ready to kill Eloise at the end of Episode 8. Maybe it's just me, but there's something really messed up about not only going into Penelope's room, *during the Featherington ball*, but then proceeding to *tear it apart*? What the actual fuck?? I could have excused pretty much everything else as her being a sheltered rich girl, but that was a bridge too far. As far as I'm concerned, the writers have some real heavy lifting to do to bring Eloise back into my good graces.
Would give Eloise a great excuse to start writing to Philip too.
The storm scene in the library and the bee sting scene in the garden were defining moments in the book to me and it’s a damn shame they took them out. Oh yeah, Edwina finding her own suitor as well.  Those three things defined the book and I’m so disappointed they took them out.  Along with waiting until basically the end to get them together was ridiculous.  One if the reasons last season worked is because they got married in episode 5 and then they had issues to work around. We didn’t spend the entire last season in dating/anguish mode. I hope they learn from their mistakes and apply them to next season.  I think they are going to go out of order and do Penelope and Colin’s story next.  While a good one, it does t hold the same amount of sexual tension as some of the other stories.
God i would 100% agree. I think it is great as a stand alone story, the angst and the layers of characters and everything, butt it is not TVWLM. It will never be TVWLM.
Either way, i wanted more kanthony.
Completely agree!!! So frustrated with the adaptation. They just used the name Bridgerton and character names, but made their own story. Even the side characters stories are progress in such different directions! 
I am on episode 5, forcing my brain to shut down the book comparisons and try to enjoy this as a story completely separate from the books.
Edmund and Violet 💔

That scene left me in tears.
All these side plots would be great for one of the weaker book plots.
Honestly… I fast forwarded through a lot of the side plots. I just couldn’t care.
I’m really hoping that Benedict/Sophie and Francesca/John (and Michael!) is enough to fill most of the time. You can throw in some fluffy Kate/Anthony moments, plus some Eloise and Penelope redemption. A couple moments with Colin. Probably will see Marina and Philip again. Maybe even show Edwina being courted by the Prince.

The subplots took up way too much time this season, and they stood out because most were pretty substandard.
I agree with you on Anthony being vulnerable and scared and grieving his dad. It was touching and a great performance. We need to destigmatize men crying and this was great for that.
I did like that in the books Edwina was like I don’t know why everyone thought he was into me, when he clearly was obsessed with Kate lol
>Wish we could have seen more of how both of their love grew with words or situations , rather than just sexual tension. 

This!!

Especially since Kate is so smart and the whole plot was them being in love because they are equally smart and spirited.

Edit: Typo
I too skipped the last three episodes just to see kanthony content but now I’m going back.
HAHA the de-aging I forgot about that… made his head look ginormous or something
Yes! I’m finding it really frustrating given how close they’re supposed to be? If Daphne’s noticing something surely she should too! And it’s a bummer because I love the sibling dynamics in the book so much!
I liked s1 for the romance better. The chemistry is better with kathony but they rushed it all and the scenes felt too heavy. S1 was so coy and teasing and they let the romance breath. The art scene with d&s was so tantalizing. Sure kathony had great chemistry but even the slow burn was fulfilling due to the ending
I’m a book reader and I enjoyed the season, as well. I do think they should have cut out the Featherington subplot. Other than that, I don’t have too many complaints.
You're not wrong at all to feel that way. But I think most book readers were looking forward to MORE of Kanthony and less of others. Yes the other plot lines needed material too to develop the book into 6 hours or more long show. But it's almost like the spotlight was stolen away from Kanthony that has lead to the huge disappointment amongst book fans.
you're absolutely right. fans of the book forget that the series is an ensemble series. yes, the story is anchored by a different romance every season, but Bridgerton the TV series was always meant to depict the drama of an aristocratic family and their society as a whole, not just one couple. So yes, I do feel that expanding on other characters is very well justified in the show version.
I felt similar. I wish I could have had more Kate and Anthony scenes, and wish he hadn’t gone so far as a proposal to Edwina, but I loved it and feel I have two stories now!
The issue I had with this season as compared to the first is in the first there were differences between the stories, but I wouldn't call either narrative stronger than the other. This isn't the case for season 2, the book has better pacing and romance, and Kate's near-death is WAY more gripping in the book. My favorite part of season 2 is the last dance, Kate's glance when their hands move below her eyes is just *swoon*. But at that point, there's way too much ground to cover and literally negative time to cover it.
I get what your saying and I’m glad you enjoyed the show. There were just some amazing moments in the book that I was shocked they left out. They seemed integral to the plot and would’ve required less rewriting of the story if they left them in.
I do think they improved some stuff nicely. Focusing on Anthony not wanting a marriage for love because he didn't want to leave a wife as distressed as his mother was - sweet and touching, a good adaptation of the trauma from book. I liked the bee scene too.. book bee scene was a bit cringe honestly and this showed chemistry. 

But... They took Anthony - Edwina too far. Way too far. And Featherington plotline was too much. Maybe the latter isn't enough to spoil the story..but the former..well, it went from an Anthony-Kate love story to a terrible triangle with two sisters in love with the same guy. I've never enjoyed those trope (kdramas love it too..two brothers compete for the same women). It's just icky and takes the joy away.
When she fell and got injured everyone forgave her. It’s stupid but it usually works in real life too.
Please. I'm sitting here thinking how I wasted my whole day watching this when I could've been doing other things.
Just pick up one of the other eight books and read them again. It's what I'm doing and it takes the sting off
>  I think being an older sister myself skewed my view of this relationship somewhat-I can barely see what Kate did wrong because I feel that sense of duty too and would probably act the same if I thought it would bring my sister happiness. Keep in mind that by the wedding, Kate believed Edwina loved Anthony. By letting the wedding go on she was giving Edwina what she had expressly stated that she wanted!

Wait what? As an older sister, you'd let your sister marry someone that has openly told you they would crave and fantasize about you forevermore in their marriage to your sister? You'd let that man make love to your sister knowing damn well he's thinking about you the entire time? Do you hate her? 

What her sister wants? Her sister doesn't know the truth...that when her intended and her older sister are alone together they can barely keep their eyes, lips and faces away from each other. I'm sure if she knew that, what she wanted would be entirely different. Me being an older sister is the reason I felt so unsettled about this whole triangle thing. It was absolutely disgusting and appalling behaviour on Kate's part, ignorant and naive behaviour on Edwina's part (but she's a child of 14/15 so 🤷🏻‍♀️) and complete lack of self awareness and stupidity on Anthony's part. All too cringe. 

As an older sister, and with the bond they depicted the sisters having, from the moment Edwina cast eyes on Anthony I'd have been like "Ehhhh nope, Diamond, pick another. Him and I have this thing going on, he's clearly shown real affection and interest toward me, regardless of if anything comes from it. That is NOT for you and I don't want you being a part of that because you deserve a man who is only showing you real affection and not your sister as well. He wants to claim you for his duty and me for his heart. Nope, pick another." Story done. Which would've been the problem, I suppose... What do you do with 2 self aware characters with no self imposed obstacles? Watch them fall in love, I guess. How is that interesting 🙄 /s
Same!
The Edwina/Kate conflict it's too similar to the Daphne/Anthony conflict in season one. The Netflix writers altered JQ's whole story so we wouldn't have *another* storyline of being caught and forced to marry, but then the Netflix writers are just repeating the tropes too.
Per your last comment, I'm suddenly happy that Chris Van Dusen isn't showrunner next season. Fingers crossed the show leans more heavily on the book moments that make the story great.
i’m kinda glad they did that with pen and el bc i thought el’s reaction in the book was too melodramatic.
3 will be hard for you to watch.  (I’m only on 4 so no insight further on).
Would have preferred that over the tortuous detour that was 5 and 6...
I was confused by that. In the series, Mary's marriage is the main responsible for the current situation of her family, but she looks so underdeveloped in the entire season.
They briefly showed him with the art lady.
Pretty sure Theo is a prelude to Sir Phillip not a replacement...
what’s wrong with a little representation? it thought it was sweet.
I agree, I was wanting to see them as a couple for more than just a few minutes!
I agree and disagree. I wish the library scene was still there, just to show Anthony caring for her earlier on and not just lusting after Kate. But I do agree a lot of the book makes Kate out to be looked at as a bit helpless after they get married especially. I much prefer their love scene in the show than the book as they were showed to be on more of an equal footing and not the kind of creepy "I'm super experienced and you are a virgin so let me show you what sex is" trope that already happened in season 1.
I see that point of view. As someone who has panic attacks, though not as severe as Kate's, people talking to me during them is sooooo useful.  I think a lot of readers identified with elements of Kate (such as her panic attacks or even her confidence related to sex for the first time) and those were written out of the show.
I sure hope so!!!
I just finished the book and agree completely! I think Kate being older in the show than the book probably helped knock that out too.
If there is a large time jump after s3 like there is in the books, it shouldn't be a problem. Eloise's book happens in May 1824, and certain events regarding Philip and Marina happen in February 1823. In the books, The Viscount Who Loved Me takes place in 1814.

So, you have a decade between these two stories. To Sir Philip, With Love, was my first Bridgerton and still holds a place deep in my heart. It's a beautiful, sad and funny story.
There's already another book in series about courting/marrying someone out of class.......unless they drastically change that plot line. They already started setting up the background for Philip, so it's unlikely Theloise is long term.
Theloise 🥰
I wish that they would just give Marina Eloise's story from the books (marry and then grow to love a virtual stranger) and show us her HEA, and do something entirely different for Eloise. Something less conventional for her.
it would have been fun to see them but i don’t think they’ll be end game.
>Some pacing aside, I liked this a lot better than S1, even with all of the liberties taken. It felt more substantial to me.

I agree. I love S1 for the amount of effort it must have taken to adapt an HR for the first time and bring together that visual beauty, and I’ll always support this show, but it was definitely more juvenile than the maturity of S2. 

It’s just that TV show Kate’s story has more scope for depth and maturity than TV show Daphne given the circumstances. 

I normally love characters like tv show Daphne, but sadly S1 did not evoke any emotional response from my whatsoever.

S2 had me crying several times each in the last episodes though. Way more emotionally engaging.

Strange, I thought ours would be a popular opinion but it seems to be unpopular.
I can see eloise meeting philip through colins friendship… but what happens to marina??
I hear you on all of this. I also can’t stand Marina. She’s a horrible human being and inexplicably unrepentant. She was about to do something quite wrong to Colin and has never seemed to have any remorse for it.
phillip may look old but in the book he’s only two years older than her. out of all the couples they are closest in age. 

i think they brought marina in early for scandal and to set up that story line. maybe it’ll make it more sad when she inevitably dies. i don’t think she’ll die for the same reason as the book but i think they will kill her off. 
i think theo was brought in just to show eloise that love isn’t all as bad as she thinks it is. it was a nice little puppy love crush. i don’t think he’ll return next season. 

as for phillip, they were able to make show anthony look so much better than book anthony. there are a lot of toxic traits when it comes to the men of the bridgerton universe and i think with the adaptation they can make them less toxic. 
they changed kate’s trauma, the way kate and anthony get together, and eloise’s trauma. so by the time we see eloise and phillips story, it might be a completely different story.
It’s insane that someone is downvoting commenters who enjoyed this season. I just upvoted yours and a few others to even it out. This sub can be insane sometimes.
When did they introduce Lucy? How did I miss that?
I agree with you.  This season is for the people who think hating/disliking someone brings on the sexual chemistry.
I think the build up was how similar they were (dead father, self sacrificing, obstinate, bossy and clueless). IMO it works because deep mutual understanding is good for a relationship and they seemed to get turned on by how they clashed.
There are too many. Please consider the book as a separate entity and the show as a completely different entity. The show only borrows the characters and nothing more really. Do not watch the show after reading the book as you'll just be disappointed. Maybe watch the show first and then read the book next so that you can take in the show in it's unadulterated pure form first without any expectations.
Why are you not?
i mean at one point she had no clue on how to fix it. i think she didn’t have complete knowledge and control of everything but she did meddle with it.
When the engagement wasn’t scuttled after the events of the Sheffield dinner, then everything was out of her hands. All throughout the episode Lady D was trying to get Kate not to meddle in anything. She knew the Sheffields, especially Lady Sheffield, would do their thing as Lady D knows all. What Lady D underestimate was how big of a blind spot Edwina was for Kate. Kate would sacrifice anything for her because basically Kate has done just that pretty much since Papa Sharma died and poor Kate doesn’t know anything else. So yes, Lady D knew that everything got out of hand once it got to the wedding.
You know for few seconds while watching this show Slightly Dangerous did cross my mind. But that was because I was thinking how amazingly Mary balogh did it in SD but I am sorry to say I was not convinced with whatever they were trying to say about Anthony and him sacrificing his happiness for duty here.
And more importantly wulfric didn't view himself as sacrificing his happiness for duty. He had an extremely strong sense of duty. As hr says in one scene to Christine he wears the mantle of Duke of bewcastle. And he never self pitied or resented his siblings for this responsibility unlike Anthony. And wulfric doesn't blame hsi siblings saying bcos he kept duty and his family first he didn't marry or something.  It's just he is always in such a position of power  and thinks it's not easy for him to form attachments. He wrongly thinks he doesn't inspire love in others. But ofcourse his siblings love him fiercely although they don't express it and there is always this distance between them. And he did tried to and.failed to get married once. I am sorry but SD is one of my absolute favorites..  and such a terrific retelling of P&P. It's one of my most reread historical romances.and wulfric is one of the greatest characters. And he does marry the last.. after fulfilling most of his responsibilities.so his loneliness is palpable. Honestly Anthony sacrifice duty thong irritated me a lot. I wish it was better executed.  Like what exactly did he sacrifice? In wulfric's case he was sole guardian. Bridgerton's still have their mother. And Edmund dies before Anthony was supposed to go to Oxford. And he does end up going. So it was what weeks or maybe couple of months at the most that he had to step up bvos violet was devastated? Why on earth does he resent her for that? At the age of 35 she lost the love of her while  her companion and is pregnant and left alone with 7 kids? And Anthony has no empathy for her? Won't a kids first priority in such cases be the mother? I didn't like that 10 years later when he is about to lose his love that only then he understands violet. It's ridiculous. And then when he goes to oclxford isn't violet being the guardian? So she was not an absent figure all their lives.. and we saw how irresponsible he could be in S1. So all this he has Not know happiness because he sacrificed his whole life for his family was very unconving to me.
Wulfric was PERFECT.. and show Kate is no Christine.
Yeah! I was hoping the Pall Mall scene would make her slowly start to cool ok him because she realises they’re not as compatible as she’s thought? That Kate’s spark with him was worth pursuing more. Especially if she didn’t know about the Sheffield clause!
Show Edwina was so jaded and book Edwina was more thoughtful, not as naive and much more observant.
The books have so much warmth between the female characters! I missed that so much this season. I even wish we could have seen Violet and Kate have a few scenes where she realises how Kate keeps Anthony on his feet and is a good match for him!
Sometimes I wonder why Hollywood still struggles with its depiction of real female relationships.
Yeah she was way more intelligent and driven in the book. And a shared love of academics was her main desire in a match
I don’t think this version makes her look like a brat. It makes her look like a young woman who was wronged by her sister whom she trusted. It makes Kate very unlikable because how could she do this to Edwina? The way it was written in the book,  it was excusable.
That was probably the intended effect 😅
And even then they dialed back his trauma.  Zero mention of his conviction he’d die before surpassing his father’s age.
I think it's ironic that the show is so girl boss for Eloise, while removing all of the depth of the female lead.
I told myself that if I got to the 6th episode and Kate and Anthony were neither married nor engaged, I wasn't going to like the payoff, and I was 200% right. Just because something is different does not automatically make it good
I don't think they couldn't have done the scene in the show. Personally, I think they could have changed it to Kate losing her mother during a thunderstorm, and maybe a scene with Kate and Lady Mary during a flashback where Lady Mary comforts her. It could have paid off so beautifully, because I honestly think the family scenes are the redeeming scenes of this season. The library scene could have shown intimacy between Anthony and Kate in a non sexual way, developing real kinship in a difficult situation for a character. 

I find that in general, the Kate/Anthony scenes are way too short in the attraction stage, so when it gets to the Anthony love speeches, it feels a bit out of the blue, and, to me, we do not see real definite connection between the two. That is why longer scenes would have made it much better, but especially the library scene, would have been a clear turning point.

That is why I found the Daphne/Simon love storyline better, they found real connection, which made for a compelling love story. 

A shame really, because Jonathan Bailey and Simone Ashley have so much chemistry, but it was underutilized most of the season in my opinion !
I see what you’re saying but I also feel as though they could have adapted it well if they weren’t so focused on other plot lines that aren’t even in the book… for example the entire featherington story this season was way off track, or not carrying on the love triangle for so long. Also, I feel as though Kate’s trauma regarding her mother was replaced with Anthony’s trauma with his father. The scene where Edmund dies differs dramatically from the book. They were so focused on Violet’s trauma when I feel as though they should have kept that for the future (if they decide adapt her story to the screen). This season was supposed to be about Anthony and Kate, and they focused too much on everyone else. It was very disappointing. That being said, I love the characters and inclusion in this season I cannot express that enough. I just wish they didn’t steer so incredibly far from the book. The last three episodes weren’t even in the book at all. Not to mention that A + K were engaged after the bee scene which was what, episode 4? They could have focused on both their traumas following the wedding as well as the rest of the (pointless) storylines to make the show more dramatic.
I missed the thunderstorm scene as it was my favorite moment in the book, and the point where I could finally accept Anthony as the romantic hero character he was meant to be. I agree with you though in that the resolution in the book would not only be hard to shoot but also in the books was very flimsy resolved too in my mind that it wouldn't translate well on screen at all. I read that part in the books wondering what exactly did I read, such an odd reveal in my opinion of what caused her fear as well as how once she knew she was just over it that quickly. I read a few of Quinn's books because of the show but I'm not a romance reader and her books reminded me why this just wasn't my genre. The other scenes though, the desk and the bee, I am thrilled we're left out or altered. Both are extremely problematic in my mind and do nothing to help endear Anthony to the reader/watcher at all. I'm very glad they saw the issues and made the right choices for those scenes.
Like the end sequence made me super happy and all I could think was “this is literally what their whole story should have been”
In the book, Edwina is only 17, so I was actually relieved that in the TV show she seemed like she was probably 18-20 to me. Totally agree that she still seemed like a child compared to him, though. I actually thought that point was beautifully made in the moment where they're standing outside by the carriages and he goes to stand beside her, and it just looks so ridiculous. Like he's a grown man and she's much too young for him. I thought they were going to use that scene to start him moving away from her and towards Kate, but instead he ends up proposing later. Oy.
I felt the chemistry between Kate and Anthony was so much better in the books, it wasn't even done justice in the show.  That's not even counting all the hot n heavy scenes the book has, just the scenes where they connected so much better!
Haha I'll take the 1000 likes, thank you 😂
Omg they dialed up the secondhand embarrassment to an 11 this season. I had to keep looking away because of the awkwardness lol tv shows that utilize this like the office are like torture to me 😅.
I rather they switch the time spent on developing the Sharmas and making them more like the close family they were supposed to be.
I am re-reading the book, and I'm 3/4 of the way through. Francesca has not made an appearance yet, and I don't remember her doing anything of note the first time I read this book.
Being the troper I am I knew I'd have to wait until the last episode, so it didn't bother me as much
YES !! Maids going missing all over the place !! I'm pretty sure Sophie is going to be Eloise's ladies maid
I was almost certain they’d have Sophie, so a little disappointed in that. Benedict was hilarious this season, especially during the aftermath of the tea haha
Could be a lie cuz they're embarrassed, I certainly wouldn't put it past them.
Benedict went to that party, but it wasnt he who hooked up with a man, but the host. Benedict himself hooked up with two women iirc
I do wonder why Julia Quinn used that trope back to back though. I wonder what went through her mind, "First couple caught in a compromising position in a garden during night time, for the second couple.. hmm i wonder what i can do differently. Aha! Let's make it daytime. So drastically different." LOL
I HATED the wedding. I was livid when Anthony proposed to Edwina. It took everything way too far just for the sake of drama AND they didn't even give us enough build-up with Kate-Anthony to that point because they kept centering on how laser-focused Anthony was on marrying Edwina. In the books, it was clear he wanted to marry her BECAUSE he could never fall in love with her (which, granted, is hard to show on screen since that was all in his head) but instead the show felt like he was trying to play up his feelings about Edwina which made me confused when he and Kate had moments. It was more of a love triangle between sisters than I felt comfortable watching. I mean, who would be okay with marrying their sister's ex fiancé!??!!?!??
I think she was styled to look very stiff and severe in the beginning, and softened her public look as the show went on. You can see the evolution in her hair.
The chemistry was amazing and really helped push the story.
Oh my flipping gosh I didn’t make that connection!! But in the books I pegged him as more rugged.. so maybe in time?
Anthony anything > the oververt sex they kept throwing at us last season. We dont need another damn sex montage
I can't believe they broke my favorite friendship up in the show.
That’s a terrific idea! And it will drag the series out longer which I, personally, need!
I agree. a great challenge in book-to-screen translation is inner thoughts cannot be portrayed as thought bubbles. they either become dream sequences or conversations with other people.

Like in the Duke and I, Daphne *thinks* what if the duke and her cannot have children, but to show that she is thinking of it, they brought in her talk with her lady's maid Rose. A side character who is of the least bit significant, but helps in translating her thoughts well.

I loved how Anthony's feelings for Kate were transpired into a dream wedding with Kate, rather than a wet dream, and the fact that this was was lead Edwina to realize and stop the wedding.
This! I’m usually a stickler for keeping as close to the book as possible, but this was my exact thought and the being so afraid over having the grief plus feeling a sense of obligation he’s essentially been functioning in out of panic for ten years made a lot more sense. 
I kind of am ok with having two separate but good stories of Kate and Anthony, although I really wish they had not had him actually propose to Edwina and had more of Kate and Anthony falling in love/some of their love story happening after the wedding which I think is one of the unique things that sets Bridgerton apart from other period shows. Maybe we will get more of them both next season?
I didn't read the books. Yet this would make more sense to me than the Duke's excuse for avoiding having children "I had a shitty dad, so I want to stop the lineage".
They could've had him express it in a journal, perhaps? Or comments to staff that would not feel at liberty to talk back. The way they did it felt much more generic, whereas at least the conflicts in the book were rooted in the specific.
Really and truly agree.  Just binged this season last night, having read the book, ShowEdwina was insufferable and selfish, with no ability to see anything but herself.  They took her involvement with Anthony WAYYYY too far and there was decreasing ability to get out of it.  The book handled it way better.  I HATED ShowEdwina and how she punished Kate and never gave her credit (until the end) for how much she sacrificed for Edwina's happiness.
I think they simply shifted the main point from mortality to love being the precursor to intense grief. Honestly (imo) the book explanation was clunky -not expecting to live longer than the man he beheld as greater than life, and fully believing he'd die before he turned older than his father was. I'm sure they could've made it translate well on screen. But I definitely preferred seeing the exploration into grief that we got instead. Not wanting to leave behind a wife who can barely function anymore? That's something everyone who has loved can understand.
I felt like showing how Violet dealt with the death was much more profound than the woe is me narrative, in regards to why Anthony was v against love
I'm not sure it was intentional, but it felt like another expression of how spoiled Eloise is. The story could have easily had Eloise confront Penelope with all the clearly-not-coincidences without tearing up her room. It came off as yet just another thing Eloise feels she's *entitled* to because she's the Enlightened Eloise and because Penelope is her property/stuffed animal/captive audience.
This is exactly what I was thinking. Like wtf Eloise??
Hopefully they use some of that time in future seasons for side plots in the other books to show more Kate and Anthony because I felt like we were robbed of their relationship development this season.
The pall mall scene with them in the mud had me smiling. THATS what I came for. Instead we spent half the season seeing Kate being repetitively gaslit by everyone around her.
I did enjoy that after the wedding she asked if she was just very blind throughout- that did make me laugh. The sibling dynamic has definitely changed :( I'm all for making the show its own universe and being its own thing, but I'm sad that that has been lost- I loved the two sisters together!
Oh yeah that’s one part I could have easily done without. I did wonder if it was meant to be setting up Lord F ending up with the Cowpers and somehow twisting it into the Sophie subplot? It just seemed too random to be *completely* random.
See I don’t see it that way at all. I feel like Kanthony got a lot of screen time, and then they weren’t the sole focus most of the time it was still linked back to them, and then the side plot lines were good breathers to keep it all sharp and together.
Lol this makes a lot of sense. As much as most of us would love to have an exact replica of the book, it would probably have been extremely hard to portray and the show would have felt strange without all the other characters having more input
Lmao, I'd be that biotch laughing and huffing about karma. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Did it take you the full 8 episodes to realize it was disappointing you?
Kate was giving up her potential happiness for Edwina-that is what I as an older sister related to. The idea that if it would make Edwina happy she would do anything and give up anything. She tried numerous times to warn Edwina off of Anthony and it did not work. When Kate begs Anthony to still marry Edwina it is because Edwina has made it clear that she loves Anthony and that is why Kate fights for the marriage to go ahead against the wishes of Anthony or herself-because she is so focussed on giving Edwina what she wants. Both Kate and Anthony are dutiful self sacrificing older siblings, however misguided, that is what I related to. It is wild to me that no one else stepped in to guide Kate and Anthony together before things went too far (THE WEDDING). If only Lady D, B and S had intervened when they saw the chemistry between A and K then all involved would have been saved the heartache and social ruin. The thing with Kate is that she was so parentified that her relationship with Edwina is so tangled up in that mess. Lady Mary should have stepped up sooner, allowing Kate room to be honest about her feelings and not self sacrificing. Kate unfortunately got stuck into the role of matchmaking regency mama when that should have been Mary’s role.
The only way Kate directly manipulated things linked into the Sheffield inheritance plot line. So she made a list of potential suitors and let Edwina meet them-she schemed with Lady D to find the best in the ton and Lumley seemed to fit that Bill. If Edwina had continued with that relationship then he seemed like a good match for her with his love of poetry. Is Kate to be labelled manipulative for regency matchmaking? Everyone in the ton was doing exactly the same thing
I think it would have been fine if they had been ‘forced’ to marry if the writers had written scenes that showed Anthony really starting to like being around Kate like he did in the book. I think he had already given up on pursuing Edwina at that point in the book and started to think of Kate as a potential wife.
Thanks! My husband is working late tonight so I'm hoping to get through the first 4 episodes after I get home and I know he will be concerned if I cry a bunch!!
Yeah, the scene where he starts stripping his clothes down right? Or was there another?
But they made Marina happy with her life, so I can’t see them following the postpartum depression timeline.
Totally! Definitely made the story flow better! I’m glad the show has taken these “I’m not that pretty themes” and just made them stronger characters. I think it helped the story along so much more on screen!
She seemed a bit unhappy (despite saying she was content) when Colin visited.  Maybe his visit triggers her fight with depression and she ends up attempting suicide like in the book.  Maybe she will die off screen and word will get back to Colin? No idea how Eloise gets involved there though.  Maybe sir Phillip and Collin become closer friends then they meet.

Maybe Eloise starts writing to Marina now that she found out about Pen being Lady Whistledown? Then that triggers the events leading to her suicide attempt.  Marina dies, Sir Phillip intercepts the letters to Marina after her death and writes to Eloise about the news.  Then maybe they continue writing and meet like in the books.
While I see your point and have no direct argument against it, I still believe the story of Eloise deserves so much more than just a sexual tension with a botanist.
Joke‘s on the downvoters though because I had a great time watching season 2 and they clearly didn‘t 😂

But yeah, some people on reddit downvote in a very interesting way lol
Her and Granville were introduced when Benedict went to the party and slept with Lucy and Madame Delacroix
if we watched the 2 seasons on Netflix but haven't read any of the books can we just pick up book 3 and start from there?
I actually like how they did the pall mall and then conversation with daphne scene where you see edwina make up a version of Anthony that does not exist as a way to show she’s not in love with him, just the idea
Yes!! Anthony and his mom got such wonderful scenes together in the show. I feel like they focused on Anthony's trauma and his mom's reactions. Completely sacrificed Kate's past.
Honestly, I found that to be the least engaging part of the book. I think removing it helped a lot. You also can’t have two seasons with men nobly refusing to love their wives because fathers.
I 100% wanted the bee scene to be there as it was in the book! Like come on, Anthony sucking on Kates neck would have made the season a thousand times better!
Completely agree. By taking away her vulnerability you make her 2 dimensional. Just look at Anthony this season..... his vulnerabilities made him a more likeable, strong and complete character.
The end is the point of their whole story and it took them the whole season to get to it.
Yeah I just completed books 1 through 5 and aside from her book, there was just nothing memorable about Francesca in books 1 through 4. Unlike Eloise who has a mind of her own and refuses to settle for anything less than a love match, or Hyacinth who has a quick tongue and gets up to all sorts of mischief like throwing scones, or even Daphne who just cannot get a marriage offer because everyone sees her as a friend. I didn't recall any unique traits about Francesca. 

But boy, her book got me all hot and bothered.
God knows she needs a new one, that girl straight up misbehaved this season
That was my favorite scene this season. They better do B&S justice next season
That’s so sad for Posy but I hope it’s true bc I loved her character!
Thank you for the reminder!
Because with historical romance you can't get kisses and steamy make out/sex scenes unless the couple of married or totally throwing caution to the wind and willing to be compromised. An unmarried lady wouldn't do that..as much as today's audience wouldn't mind a kiss or more, it just doesn't fit with the era the story is supposed to be based in.
So- forced marriage, followed by sex, and falling in love is the easiest trope.
historical romance novels such as this pretty much have 5 major plot points that are rehashed (even when its the same author) because they bring the solid "safe" drama and it's really the smut writing that readers want

Not super unique different plot point
That's fine, but the plot point they 100% should've kept is marriage not being the happily ever after, it made the first season and the second book more believable. The two also had to be forced into marriage in the book because at the time it happened Anthony still didn't want to marry for love. IMO it took marrying for love for Anthony to even warm to the idea.
I thought something was wrong with her look and realized it was the wig. Simone’s hair is gorgeous so it was confusing. Her hair looked better in the second half of the season.
I'm already rewatching. I'll look for that!
I noticed this choice as well. It was brilliant to have her internal changes be reflected in her external appearance.
Glad I wasn't alone thinking he'd be more rugged I was surprised to see he was not as the book described but I'm learning to throw that out with tv adaptations
In the book, he was also quite well built and was described to be like a bear.

Oh and he was also described to be "elemental"
Lol well maybe a little more sex. Or a kiss. This one was slow burn in comparison! But I agree, I didn't need another sex montage.

And I noticed that so far, every first episode has a shot of Anthony's ass!
I loved this! The slow burn and the Pride and Prejudice details (the hands!) were really great here. I totally preferred it to season 1.
They will make up but damn that was hard to watch
I wish they had kept his fear for mortality but agree with you that grief is equally if not more interesting. I just wish they had made that more of a plot point. It was subtle for a few episodes but when his mother said “do it anyway” he didn’t instantly run to Kate, he still continued on with edwina, just as he had before. I was really disappointed.
It was actually quite gutting to see Edwina so angry and upset with Kate. I’m glad she chose herself and stuff, but I’d really been hoping to see that closeness and for the Bridgerton and Sharma siblings to all bond and feel like a bigger family. Instead Edwina noted that they’re “half” sisters and even Mary and Kate’s bond became super distant, like she never knew her daughter at all. It’s a shame because I wanted more of Kate and Mary too.
I think the Featheringtons could have done with far less screen time. They were just getting on my nerves at one point that I began skipping. The trying-to-best-each-other Kanthony was good yes but after the wedding of Kanthony I wish they dwelved more in Kate's past with her father and her own mother's death, the trauma she went through then, I wanted so much more of her backstory but all I got was the scammers that the Featheringtons were, which in all honesty I didn't like at all.
ummm no...i didn't think it was going to be that bad. plus i wanted to finish the season, it's not like i was going to stop in the middle.
[deleted]
They cut that scene way too short
They don't have to sure, but they also didn't have to  include either Marina or Sir Phillip at all if they decided Eloise's HEA to be completely different. Also I did not get the impression that Marina was happy. As Colin said, she is content. There is a difference.
it’s clear that they aren’t going by the books so i think when she dies it would be from s*icide.
correct me if i am wrong but isn’t lucy supposed to be younger than gregory?
Yes, each book is so contained to the main couple's story, and you have a background of the Brodgerton's so you could skip 1/2 and read 3. Some things may be confusing though since in the books Penelope hasn't been revealed yet, each younger brother's story isn't fleshed out until their book comes, and not as much focus on sub plots for people like Featherington. 

Fair warning - it looks like Netflix is straying from the books a lot. They are trying to make it palatable to a modern audience despite keeping the regency era setting. They are moving away from standard romance tropes the book used and trying to make their own story. Some like the diversity is a nice and refreshing change, but others are extremely jarring. So if you are someone that doesn't enjoy a very different adaptation of books you enjoy, watch the series all the way through first and then go read the books. In other words..read only 1 and 2 for now.

I personally have spent way too long comparing this season to the books and am barely enjoying the show since I can't shut my brain down 😕
Im super late to the discussion but I re-read the book after this extremely disappointing season and I am so furious. They completely disregarded the amazing relationship Kate and Anthony should have had. They somehow fell in love without a proper conversation. I am especially furious at the writers for reducing Kate’s extreme fear of thunderstorms to mere annoyance where it should have been a solid bonding experience between her and Anthony (fear of death for both of them) and between her and Mary when they talked about Kate’s mother’s death. Show Kate has no past. Show Edwina is depicted as a spoiled Brat. Everything about this season was a huge disappointment and if it wasnt for the clear chemistry between JB and Simone Ashley, their romance would be totally shit.
THe scenes with Anthony and his mother were some of my favorite! Wish we had similar moments with Kate!
Okay, but they clearly show that Anthony is traumatized by his father's death, and then he's just kind of... over it? Like, I'm not convinced he's not worried about dying and leaving Kate like Edmund left Violet, which was a critical aspect of his character arc in the book.
I have to agree. I didn't mind that being removed. I did wish more attention had been paid to Kate being afraid of thunderstorms though.
The end of the season is the midpoint of the book. Did we need 20 minutes of Kate and Anthony having sex like we had in season 1? No. Is there a midpoint between that and what we got? Yes.
And with Pen leaving a void behind , Eloise does need a friend and a confidant , plus a stricter maid to tell her what's what. She was not listening to ANYONE this season.
Aha. Central conflict as to why a couple cant be together, Forced marriage, amazing sex, Resolution of the central conflict leading to love. Steps to write a regency Romantic-drama. Gotcha.
JQ is not into the third act kidnapping though which is something at least.  Whenever I'm reading a book and everything seems wonderful and there is still an hour left I just wait for the kidnapping...
omg, please list them, I love stuff like that. (if you have the time of course)
I agree to some degree and disagree to some more.   
I can't believe I'm defending this season when I love TVWLM  
to death and was disappointed by S2, but here I go.  
I found something while i was rewatching, more of an  
observation. when people said that this season captured the essence of Kanthony  
even though they changed the story, i did not understand what it meant at  
first. But now I think I do.  
All the book readers know that Kanthony is a story about two  
people, who will sacrifice anything for their family, falling in love with each  
other. The whole point of forced marriage in the book was that they would never  
choose each other willingly because family came first, and that is why fate  
intervened. In the season, we have the same thing, Kate and Anthony will never  
choose themselves, never choose happiness for themselves if someone else might  
get hurt even a little bit (Anthony was scared to love because he didn't want  
to leave a grieving wife behind, Kate didn't want to love because she felt she  
owed it to Mary and Edwina to take care of them first), but love cannot be  
hidden. And fate intervened again, but this time in the form of Edwina  
realizing their love for each other, and calling off the marriage.   
The two of them still would not accept their love, or this  
golden chance that fate gave, them because Kanthony has to deal with their old  
baggage first. But in S2, instead of being forced to marry, fate raised the  
bars to  - 'you both can either accept  
this love for each other all your own, or lose each other, your choice'.   
So when in the end, Kate and Anthony both realized that true  
love was worth it, they chose each other and their own happiness and overcame  
their respective baggage, instead of it being thrust into a marriage together  
and then understand each other. They understood first then chose to marry in the show. It was no longer  
something that happened by chance, not something fate thrust in their hands by  
saying 'you belong together', but their own choice. Just as Daphne said to  
Simon in S1, that we can 'Choose differently'.

Which is why i understood that even though there was no marriage between Kanthony, they chose each other finally. 

Not that i still dont hate S2, there are a ton of things i hate :

1. Anthony never apologizing to Kate for setting Dorset after her.
2. They always say the wrong thing to each other and never once confide in each other.
3. all they have is sexual tension. we as audience know they are supposed to be together because they are alike and thoughtful which we as the audience can see and finally riot in happiness when they come together, but they NEVER find this out about the other person. WHY?
4. The plot went like - attraction to lilies to Anthony's jealousy to realization that duty comes first for both of them? Why does Show!Kate LOVE him? Of course she is attracted to the handsome hunk of a man and sees he is a mirror image of her, but love is a far more deeper feeling and they only felt very superficial attraction as characters.
5. When Kate cries to Mary that 'viscount does not love me mama' i was like Girl why would he, what does he know about you as a person? Is there any reason he should? and Why do you love him? and i still cant find an answer to that!!

If someone can answer these i will be grateful to them.

I can still do with them skipping the Kanthony marriage, i can still do with them taking Edwina-Anthony so far and breaking it off. But i cannot do with Kate and Anthony only being sexually frustrated and attracted to each other without even knowing anything about the other person.

>!The penelope's hero scene was step one, and Thunderstorm library incident was step two of Kate's love for Anthony.!<

>!Wanting her sister to find love even though she ended up spinster was step one, and thunderstorm library scene was step two of Anthony's love for Kate.!<

Without that, Kanthony is and will always be an incomplete story in Season 2.
There may be an event that makes him become more rugged
I wanted more heated sex scenes but we only got two. And I wanted more naked Anthony!
I wanted them to make up during the show (like the last season) but of course they have their friendship break up in the last episode. One of the hardest breakups for me to watch.
Yes! Her anger was justified but the half sister comment was too far. You don’t say something like that unless you’ve thought it before. It was the most heartbreaking line in the season IMO and it ruined their bond for me ):
Ah, I probably missed it, was half asleep watching last night
Yes, and that would make her about 8 years old if she popped up now. I did hear lady bridgerton mention a "lord Abernathy" while going over the guest list for a party in an early episode tho, but we think it was just an unrelated Easter egg
Yes! Yes! And yes! To all your points! 

I get so upset when I see all the fawning posts on social media about this season. To me it was a dumpster fire and the only redeeming qualities were the clothes, jewelry, and the gorgeousness of the leads. The story was a mess. It is made so much worse by the fact that they had a beautiful story in the book. 
Of all the things you pointed out I think the bond between Book Kate and Book Mom-Mary is what I missed most.
I’m kinda thinking they could include it easily in the next season. Their actual relationship has only just started in the last episode of the show, whereas in the book they’ve been married for a month/at least the entire last third of the book. Seeing their insane chemistry I’ll be happy to see how the writers continue telling their story, taking plotlines from the book and dropping them into the show and thus extending the life of the book :)
I would've been happier if we got more of them because we got too little.
I think the mashup of storyline’s would have worked better in season 3, as the book timelines really start to overlap or don’t happen for like 10 years (Colin & Elloise for example). I felt they lost us a bit in the later episodes by having that greater focus off Anthony and Kate and it really dragged out, only for us to have literally minutes of happy ending with them like ???
Eloise really does need to… like not be put in her place, but she really does have an incredible amount of privilege she’s doing nothing with. If she’s going to break the ton rules then she needs to be okay with the consequences of being out of the ton, and if she actually doesn’t want out of the ton then she needs to realize pen is doing the absolute best she can with the shitshow Eloise left her considering she told el so many times to drop it
Gregory: I’m gonna do a kidnapping
Julia Quinn: the fuck you are
Instead of Penelope it was the Sheffields, I would argue Anthony more than stepped up there
I'm thinking if they keep with the base story that the tragedy that hits is what sorta makes him go from cleaned up and neat to that rugged look
Lol! Definitely I wanted some more Kanthony scenes of a more intimate nature!
Considering what we know of Lord Bridgerton from all of S1 and even ep1 of S2, there should have been more physicality. Seems like the opera singer had all the fun.
Not mad about the breakup as long as they do indeed mend things, but my heart is absolutely shattered. How the hell are we supposed to wait for S3?
I wish they’d delved into Kate’s mother more in general. That was one of the things I loved in the books. Both of them have issues they both overcome with each other’s help! He’s not the only one with parental issues. It would have been a nice counterbalance for Kate to be able to tell him of a parent who survived a partner’s death and that despite the grief, was eventually able to find love again. And that he’s not alone in his pain from the loss of a parent.
I am so disappointed that I cant even find words. I cant imagine for the life of me how someone who watches the show without reading the books would be convinced Anthony and Kate were in fact, in love. They didnt even talk like how?? I seriously want to find the writers, give them a good shake and ask them what the hell were they thinking!
Exactly! Theo also says this to her that for all her talk , she is still very privileged and protected which Pen reiterates. And this rankles Eloise , because she cannot bear to hear this about herself. Whenever she goes to Theo it's all an adventure , a thrill for her.She needs to know the consequences her actions could have. Like really Penelope told her multiple times to just drop it but she didn't
Yes, Eloise is out of touch with her privilege. What was unnerving for me was that Eloise harps on all about women needing to better themselves and taking charge of their own lives, but to save her family and herself,  Eloise was willing to besmirch another woman's work/means by creating a false Whistledown pamphlet and steal the mantle (someone's life's work) to work with the queen. And then to be mad when the consequences of her own actions have gotten her into hot water and Penelope published it--which, if Whistledown had been an impartial writer to begin with than it should've been published anyway. The maids were gossiping about Eloise already so it might've gotten out eventually.
Okay that helps a lot. But this whole Sheffield plot just to make Anthony stand out? Penelope and thunderstorm would have had more impact and wouldn't cause friction between sisters. Its there any other significance of it?
Yessss. Their scenes were very very steamy, there needed to be one where they burned slowly, like Daphne and Duke's first time.

Also, Anthony was the one who said "I Burn for you" in the books, not Simon, not Daphne. I was waiting to see that.
I'm pissed that Siena got more action with Anthony than Kate did.
At least he went down on Kate, I don't remember him doing that to Sienna. 😘
I wanted more scenes also but I kind of liked all the almost moments. Of him having to remind himself he is a gentleman and that he can't act as he usually does with non-ladies as he does with Kate, showing he respects her..... (Tho not enough to not proposed to her sister in front of her LOL)
They really left us on a cliffhanger this season.
Yes! Attraction, I see. Lust, I see. But undying love? No. Not based on their interactions.

At least we have the books to go back to!
That's what we are supposed to be happy about, i guess. LOL.
He did say that A LOT didn't he? "I am a gentleman" at least a few times. But to your point, I think I would have appreciated the almost moments more IF he hadn't proposed to Edwina ~~like that~~ at al~~l~~.
Well I gues Im gonna go back to reading An Offer From A Gentleman to prepare for a brand new disappointment next year lol. I can’t bring myself to read Romancing Mister Bridgerton incase I find myself absolutely hating the whole show because of Colin’s horribly boring character compared to the book 🤷🏻‍♀️
Storyline & script gave me a lot of discomfort towards the new heroines, unnecessary heartache for Edwina. Kathony chemistry wise all I saw was a lot of sexual desire and when it came to the point of the sex it was just...? Eh? It felt kind of half love and half lust. At least go HAM with the sex, or go the romantic route with the writing and give us intimacy. I too cant understand how this was so overhyped when the writing is so sloppy
Yes. I understand completely. If it was me, I would not had him pursue Edwina after he didn't propose at dinner. After Daphne saw them in the study, and Anthony realized his love for Kate. He should have just stopped pursuing Edwina all together and ignored her and Kate. Edwina would have still been upset and maybe even heartbroken. Anthony would still be staying away and Kate would still feel bad for her part in hurting Edwina but not as bad as what actually happened. They could have still had them running into each other with the tension and then they could have had Kate had her accident and Anthony realize how much he loves her and needs her in his life, still choosing to be with her in the end. 
Wish I could have make it be this way. I would enjoy it so much more.
You'll have to forgive me because I didn't read the whole book but... THIS IS HOW IT SHOULD HAVE HAPPENED. Sorry for the shouting but I can't fathom how even Anthony could be so bone-headed stubborn and foolish to propose to Edwina and still try convincing her to marry AFTER she took note of the attraction to Kate.
