Only on the second episode and I honestly cannot believe how fast and far we fell already. I really liked the first season. 10 minutes into episode 2 of season 2, the crew has irrefutable proof of a crime. All the have to do is literally nothing and they will be fine. Kiara does the absolute stupidest thing I have ever seen ever. Like completely unrealistic of any actual person and ruins it everything. What makes it all the worse, no one even acknowledges that it’s all her fault. I always finish a show, but damn, not sure about this one anymore
Crazy how everyone was able to man handle a solid gold cross like that
Season two was absolutely horrendous in my opinion. Season one was more realistic and had some light hearted teen drama and romance to give viewers a chance to breathe. In season two we got none of that! Everything was ending in shoot outs or people being strangled. And I mean Sarah gets shot, dies for what, ten minutes? And magically comes back with no brain damage and is back to ripping and running? Absolutely ridiculous. I was wondering the entire time how she has not torn anything or gotten an infection. Logical details were thrown out the window. And why even have John B attacked by an alligator? It was death rolling and drowning him but he’s completely fine too? Not to mention all of the RIDICULOUS plot holes. So JJ is really off the hook for breaking a prisoner out of prison and stealing an ambulance while having the entire county of police tailing him? And the prisoner said his name in front of the prison staff. But nope he magically gets away and they don’t investigate lmao. I found Kiara’s character and acting horrible too. The entire scene of her ruining the evidence by screaming “murderer” had me livid. And have they let anyone die for real in this show? Every person they’ve killed off has come back. I bet in season three sherif peterkin will be back at this rate. The only enjoyable part was Rafe’s acting, however his finger prints were all over the weapon that killed Peterkin, and he’s off the hook too because his dad “confessed” and then suspiciously blew himself up and obviously escaped? I mean seriously? And how many times were all of these murders reported and the police did nothing? I mean the pilot was missing and three kids witnessed it and reported the murder and the police said nope! That’s not weird at all, we’re not investigating. I mean come on. This entire season was a stressful, anxiety filled disappointing mess.
Topper somehow knows where rafe is trying to kill Sarah. Knocks him out, but doesn't call the cops?? For what reason would he run away and hide her. So much stupidity in this seasons writing, it's insane. Also beside what others said about how could Wards confession free Rafe, why tf is Sarah chilling at home in Rafes presence. She should be miles away from him, but she's only mad he tried to kill her. Not that big of a deal I guess. Guess that's why she didn't tell the cops. Good stuff, amazing stuff. JJ 👑.
WHY IS JOHN B GOING TO JAIL NOW? He’s a minor and they don’t have any major evidence to convict him. They gave the gun as proof, and Sarah would be able to testify. It feels like the writers are trying to find something to extend so the plot can continue. But they do it in a TERRIBLE AND PREDICTABLE WAY
Wow, what a twist? Honestly kind of a painful one.. it'd been nice to stick to the gold treasure and not start a whole new side branch with Pope. To me, first season was better and shoulda stayed on track. So much they could've done with that they had set into place.
Honestly think it was great after watching the whole season some crazy twists 👀
I get that they needed drama but putting the protagonists through SO much shit and not giving them any pay off at the end really pissed me off. they didn’t get the gold, so they should’ve gotten the cross- or at least pope’s attempt at dropping it in the ocean should’ve worked. maddening.
I just spend i whole day bench watching season 2 and I’m so disappointed I had no choice but to come to Reddit. The stupidity of the pogues is annoyingggg. How the fuck do they keep letting hundreds of millions of dollars slip through there hands. It’s like they literally are the stupidest teens ever. Everything they find they just let someone come and take it like candy from a baby. Like at someone they should’ve got some guns and strapped up or called in a team for help. were talking about hundreds of millions dollars here. Rafe and ward are always one step ahead Sarah is so slowww ughhhh. then the last episode through me like y’all had one last shot and blew that too🤦🏾‍♂️ and now we find out that John b dad is alive like wtf 🤬 

(It’s so much more I want to say but then I’ll be typing all day and I’m already exhausted from watching this trash season. )
Quick question: why when y’all made season two y’all didn’t let the pogues get not one win? Cause that right there made me cry all motherfucking night
This season was shite. Pretty much the entire season could have been done by the second episode if the main cast weren't so dumb. So many situations could have been easily solved, but weren't due to lazy writing and glossing over key solutions to drive the plot forward, hoping the audience won't notice nor care. Season 1 was pretty good. But this season was absolutely not worth the wait, and the finale in particular makes season 2 almost completely pointless.
i am so disappointed
This season was god awful. Plot twists seemed to exist for the sake of a plot twist. The actors are decent at best and unwatchable at the worst. The writing is fucking terrible. I hope season 3 gets scrapped, it’s the only positive outcome season 3 can have. 

Rant time: how the fuck does topper know where they are to save Sarah? How the fuck is he just there when ward blows up the boat? Why the fuck does Sarah immediately forgive a person who PUSHED HER BOYFRIEND OFF A 2 STORY BALCONY? Why are the main characters mentally handicapped? Why do the twists make no *fucking sense?*

Either I spaced out for half the season or this show is garbage. 

Shoutout rafe for carrying the whole season. Fantastic actor imo (even tho his character was pretty one dimensional and predictable)
The fact that John B and Sarah break up still fucking baffles me to this day
(Spoiler?)

How is Sarah running and acting normal with a whole entire bullet wound in her body??? There’s so many plot holes in this show, but that made me so agitated. She literally climbed a tree with a bullet wound in her abdomen...
This is some of the dumbest shit I ever watched. Season 1 was cheesy but at least somewhat entertaining due to the treasure hunting. Season 2? How much more unbelievable and unrealistic can they get? Whoever wrote this mess should retire 🙄
Season 2 was terrible. Way too dramatic, dumb plots that would never work, and honestly I was pretty disappointed with the finale. Not going to spoil it but it just seems cheap and lacks creativity. Season 1 was fantastic and I love the characters in both seasons but the storyline for season 2 is pathetic.
This season is so bad now.. not sure if they changed directors and/or writers. Last week, I stopped half way through Season 2, episode 1 and today I tried to fight through it to see if it got better and S2E2 within the first 10 minutes I finally gave up. Glad that i am not the only one..
This is the worst series I have ever watched… can’t believe people watch shows this bad
[deleted]
Came here to say how fucking disappointed I am. Too many plot twists, over-the-top unrealistic moments (4 teenagers carrying the entire weight of the gold cross?!) and to crown it all, not even a single win for the pogues. Like holy shit, I’m not gonna sit there for 10 hrs and watch every attempt they make fail because of some stupid decision/idea.
[deleted]
I agree with everything everyone has said here. I’m surprised no one mentioned they were able to drive their boat from Nassau to South Carolina on one tank of gas. That shit pissed me off as well as a hundred other things. Terrible
Not even through the second episode and I've seen all I need to see. Season 2 is a dumpster fire. I'm out
Can we just talk about how Sarah got shot.... died..... came back....... and sprinted a marathon....
I enjoyed a binge of season 2 but critically speaking it wasn’t the best compared to its predecessor. I don’t understand why they never tried to actually document their findings considering people were constantly trying to murder them, when we have been showed that other characters did so. Even Gavin did, but apparently this was too much brain for Pope to gather in his mind. The gold bar carrying scenes were funny and ridiculous but the cross took me out. Apparently tons worth of gold is easily lifted by 5 people. Overall interesting direction and season three is going to be the end all be all opinion maker, so much back and forth happened and they are not gonna pull it off much longer since viewers have already started to complain. Let these kids have some happiness Jesus.
Literally social media/the media/authorities could have/should have been involved at any point and things would have gone much less terribly. It's like they're separate from the rest of functioning society or something
Season 2 is so bad lmao.. I complained so much yet I still couldn't stop watching it til the end.. XD
Good show with a great story line, but very painful to watch and hard to want to finish it because of the sheer stupidity of these people. It’s not even the stealing vehicles doing illegal things or treating their family the way they do, I see the good in what they are trying to accomplish.. It’s the when you need to do something don’t f around get it done and get the hell out.
what I like about the season 2 is toppers character development, it was nice imo. what I least like about season 2 is Kiara's bad decisions. overall, I enjoyed it but not as much as the first time I saw season 1. I was expecting something more very different.
I’m glad I came to see everyone is on the same boat about kie being stupid… I thought she would be the one who was more level headed and was smart about at least or keeping her composure… but no.. just yell at the top of your lungs when you have solid evidence and to go get the murder weapon which would help even more. Yet she still insist on getting them caught (despite them also talking loud and no keeping eyes on the footage) <- can’t tell you how irritating it was too see him take eyes off the camera, just record the damn thing, It’s called “multi tasking”. I just had to skip some parts because how stupid it was getting… hell I can’t even finish ep 2… lazy writing but s1 was having a good run. Whoever was in charge of s2… your drowning the series with your unnecessary plots and making these kids becoming more stupid… the whole foreign situation is just unnecessary as well. They both could’ve stayed low or at least use the money they had too go somewhere.
I literally did the math on the weight of the gold cross,about 2000-2500 pounds,light work for a bunch of teenagers wearing flip flops
I just completed it and trust me it's nothing more than wasting 2 days of your life s1 was the best but in season 2 it's nothing more than this words coming out of your mouth seriously why seriously 🤣 so those of you who haven't watched it please don't and those who have I m sorry for your loss.
I’ve really enjoyed this serie because it represents typical problems in teens like problems between friends or couple, but it’s very unreal that people with 17 years do all these things!!
it's been a year almost since S2's release so I hope spoilers dont get me canceled here: 

I kinda thought S1 was slightly enjoyable, predictable but enjoyable. S2 on the other hand is an absolute dumpster fire. I sat through 10 whole episodes of dumb ideas, plot holes, bs coincidences, gas lighting, and downright buffoonery. never in my life have I seen something so poorly written besides The Room and Jeepers Creepers 3 (we won't mention that black sheep of a "film" again). my biggest issues are how every single one of their problems legally could be handled with a simple conversation that's direct and to the point, how every time the mains get close to the treasure, they somehow screw it up with some bs reason to leave it behind for a day, come back, and the baddies have already taken it as well as the bs injuries like when Sarah got shot in the hip (yes it was the hip and not the gut) and they treated it like she got knicked in the lung or something major and pretended to kill her off for all but 5 goddamn minutes like it was actually gonna fool anyone watching that she really died but basically powered through it within a day while Pope just took a grade school bully beating and was still short of breath and limping for hours after it happened, and finally the absolutely dumbass reason for Sarah breaking up with John. why on earth would you expect a guy to mourn the death of his father's murderer/the guy who robbed him/the guy who almost had him killed multiple times/the guy who framed him for a murder he didn't commit? that is the most downright selfish, narcissistic, gas lighting bs I've ever seen in media and HE still apologized afterwards, like tf? Kie's parental situation could be handled by her saying "hey I found a billion dollars of gold with the friends you hate so much" instead of saying the dumb ish she does. why have a plot about Pope being the legal heir to the fortune and not have the writers bring up him going public with it while getting a lawyer, as well as his parents or grandparents claiming it before any of these shenanigans could happen? why'd they let a dude high as a kite get behind the wheel of a car that doesn't belong to him and crash it? why the actual fck did kie yell out "murderer" instead of silently calling the police while staying hidden on the roof and still recording? why dont the police actually do their goddamn jobs instead of chasing kids all day when they have 2 real-deal killers on the loose with 2000000000% verifiable evidence? how, on God's green earth, did Rafe not snap his legs like twigs and have his arms droop like noodles after holding up at least a few tons of gold with momentum and gravity not being on his side? 

this season raised more screenwriting questions than lore questions like its supposed to and it was definitely a chore to sit through. I absolutely hated this season and has ruined netflix's chances of me coming back for a 3rd season. I literally just recommended this show to a friend before I even watched the 2nd season and I fully regret it. when I can correctly predict a character's next move in a show or movie, yo math ain't mathin chief and you should hire more capable writers next time around.
When John B doesn't knock out ward and throw him overboard... Also beforehand why can't Cleo just watch over the captain. These writers are fucking ass
How can anyone call this crap creative writing. And how do they expect us to believe that poge an american kid fro. America is somehow related too a long dead slave denmark tanny in the bahamas that was butcherd by there masters dog over a gold Cross, do they think we will believe that just because he's the only black main Character in the show, fuck OK then he must be related to that dead slave. In reality though terrace has more of a chance of being related to tanny than he dose cause he's actually from the bahamas. It's a Fucking ridicules storyline, and introducing  an evil cripple entitled white woman as the new bad guy is just fucking bonkers writing. Also, i dont think ive ever watched any series ever were the mojority of the action is a bunch of kids running away and hiding all the time, its all that happens in every single episode ffs1it all been done before In many other shows and films. Thers noting original in this show at all, it's just a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy , absolutely fucking garbage, ain't  even gona fin s2 got better things to watch
OMG SO TRUE!!! I HATED HER FOR YELLING THAT OJT!! This season made me so angry… like as if you believe the Warden has good intentions Sarah? Lol and why is no one talking about how dumb the little girl is omgggggg and the stepmom should be shot. Rafe don’t even get me started … hate hate him.
Yeah you might want to stop where you are. Season 2 only gets worse from there.
I also hated how Kiara treats her mom. Yes I get that sticking by your friends is the right thing, yes I also get that the kooks are spoiled rotten brats, but still you've got to think about your future. To quote Ben Affleck in Good Will Hunting "Your sitting on a winning lottery ticket your just to much of a pussy to cash it in" like why would you not care about getting into a good school? Why would you not care about getting an amazing career doing something you love?
I'm seriously in the same boat at this very moment!!!! I had to pause the show. I'm at minute 12 of season 2 episode 2 and I don't know if I can continue after what just happened! 😂  I understand he can't get caught this early but They couldn't come up with a better way that they were caught?! Talk about lazy writing! Like maybe someone drops something and then he catches them, not make Kiara the most unrealistically stupid character in Netflix history. And why were they all talking so damn LOUD and making so much noise when the building is the next building over in the middle of the night regardless of the rain?! I had to hop on Reddit because I KNEW reddit would not let this one go 😂
Wife and I just started watching this last night and I came online to see if someone had the exact same thoughts as we did. How fucking stupid is that girl and all the convenient plot fillers added, like the water sprinkler to interrupt the phone call. Cmon this shit is so absurd and we’re only two episodes in. We loved season one, season 2 has been awful so far.
I lost it in the first episode when they track the guy and there's night construction (somehow) and a tractor pulls behind their car blocking them in. So ridiculous
I was willing to let go of the fact that they could easily move millions worth of gold bars so simply and lightly, but the scene with the crew on the boat pulling up the cross at that angle took me out 🧍🏻‍♀️
Don’t forget about the recording of Gavin literally saying that Rafe shot Peterkin
And where did the doctor come from out of thin air to treat Ward in the last episode!!??🤣🤣 And how was Ward soooo far from the boat when it exploded even though on the surface it exploded 2 seconds after he walked inside 😒😒😒
You nailed it! 💯
>Rafe 

Been looking for this comment. Second season is so dumb. Dad confesses and they leave the boy alone lmao. Right I guess two witnesses(Sarah and John B) cant tell the cops they saw how Rafe shot Peterkin right in front of their eyes.   
Sarah's death made me laugh so hard.
Litterally I was so confused on the rafe scene, where he founds her being drowned by her brother, but how he found her??
There are a lot of things that doesn't have any sense in the plot. Another nonsense part of the story is when Ward tries to kill Sarah, when only five minutes ago he was apologizing for having stuck her in the face. Although all these bad points, I have loved the character adventures, overall JJ's ones.
You are high on cocaine if you liked this season. Horrible writing, directing, and acting somehow got terrible.
Riiiiight! But what's worse is they aren't even bothered by it. They shrug it off and go "oh well we're pogues. Oh look there's some waves, let's go surfing.....on boards we don't have" 🤷🏾‍♂️ Nevermind wtf is there to eat and drink on this island, and how tf are we gonna get off this island?! Smh. They're just La-di-da.
This comment was funny and so fucking true
[deleted]
OMG! That was my thought exactly.  It was like every time they were close to solving something, of course they had to do something stupid. Kie screaming murderer, blowing away their cover, or letting Pope drive after his incident with the bees. I couldn't take it anymore. I had so much high hopes for this series, and was totally let down. They had so much time to work on this season and went off the rails.
💯 or absolutely does! The end was awful..made 10 episodes pointless. Made unending multitude of dumbsh*t pointless. There's no guarantee they were getting a season 3 and if they don't THAT'S the way they chose to end it?🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔WTF! Well either way, I won't be coming back for s3. Decisively!
facts, the stupidity of the group had me rolling in frustration so I started rooting for Rafe instead
Half the season is garbage? Man the whole season was garbage. My wife and I were super excited for season two, and it was nothing but a disappointing. Smh.
I agree with your rant but tbf it was revealed that topper was tracking Sarah with the phone he gave her
Yeah I gave up after I saw that. Like bro your ex still was a fucking terrible person and him being nice now doesn't change literally anything... and yes it's sad your dad died but how are you so selfish to not be able to see that of course John b is relieved his dad's murderer and the guys who's responsible for so so so much pain is gone. And she says it's too complicated now? Tf you mean?
Riiiiight! Such BS.
I wondered this too and was so annoyed. And half the time she was limping and the other half she wasn’t lmao
Makes you think getting shot is not as bad as they make it seem in real life. 😂
I'm at the end of Episode 3 and I cannot watch it anymore. She was dead for 10 mins and got up to yet another idiotic chase. I really wish they could have focused more in character development. I cannot struggle through on more epidode. So disappointing.
I thought the same and was surprised to find out S2 was written by the show creators.
LMAO 💯
This is the worst series i has't ev'r watched… can’t believeth people gaze shows this lacking valor

***



^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.)

Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`
I was wondering this too. I read through a ton of the cast’s IG comments and the OBX’s page too. Nothing but wonderful reviews and comments… everyone I’ve talked to says season 2 sucks and is unbearable. I even googled it and there are tons of great reviews. Seems weird imo too.
Yeah she was awful this season. I was so confused as why the writers would take a character that was likeable in season 1 and kind of cute energy and just completely 180 her into to this awful, whiny, stupid, complaining, fuck up, unappealing, unlikable game-playing, manipulative with Pope's feelings, disrespectful to her parents bitch? That was perplexing. What the point of turning her into that
Don’t forget about the evil crew pulling up that cross from the ocean and rafe holding it apparently on his own at the beginning
i loved season one but season 2 was terrible
Season 2 is a total disaster. Like just the stupidity of the group made me not even want to finish it.
🤣🤣 Right!!
yea I feel that when I look at the pouges closer I see that they all treat their parents horribly. Well, actually all the characters. For some reason it seems like all the characters choose their friends over family.
I absolutely agree with you, her parents were too permissive with her, but if she stays three days out of her house it is normal that they punished her. Moreover her mother only wanted the best for Kiara and her future, but Kiara only yelled at her all the time, excusing her self with the excuse that her friends are in trouble.
If you think they made Kiara look stupid, just keep watching. Pope really got on my nerves this season.
>f them call the cops after they 

I really experience the SAME!!!  
I literally stopped watch outer bank after watching stupid kiara ruined everything. Sometimes when movie actor can get your nerves is good, but in outer bank is too much stupidity in series scenario, like what the hell?  
why you ruined everything in season 1 just to keep season going by making it too messy and too much stupidity moment, this 2nd season is SHIT!
The sprinkler part almost did me in.
Mean when Rafe single handedly about pulled up that cross on a moving ship? Or the fact that they were gonna hop on a blow up raft with it?
Lmao 🤣
Omfg yep that too!!!
Guess I am high on cocaine then 😂
Yeah that scene really bugged me because it just made absolutely no sense. It's like the writers wrote themselves into a corner and knew if it had played out the way we hoped, the season would prematurely end. So because they had no other problem to affect the plan, they had Kie completely break character purely for the sake of ruining a plan would have otherwise worked. 

Then the worst part during that scene was that >!Pope is blamed for the whole thing because he broke the camera and destroyed the footage, completely ignoring the fact that he only dropped the camera due to them having to panic rush out of the area because Kie decided to be an idiot for no reason and as a result, Ward started chasing them.!<
Agreed !!!
They literally had a gold mine in their hands, and they blew it up.  Season one had incredible loyal fans, and the entire feel premise, etc all felt original, and the characters were different.  
2 episodes into season 2 and suddenly you realize the only reason the characters were interesting and original turns out to be entirely based on the fact they were dumb as posts.  The 'convenient' happenings one after the other felt like the entire thing was the first draft of episode written in a few hours. I am having a hard time believing this is the same writer to wrote the original season.  
Kie screaming, screwing up on the way down the ladder, and then proceeding to call the cops 10 mins after he has been shot and is clearly guaranteed now not to make it.   
My brain at this point was attempting to piece together why the heck do you scream 'murderer', exactly what is the point of that?  I mean is now the time to pick to virtue signal, just at the moment where the only possible outcome is now you and your friends lives are instantly in peril?  
Like what is the bloody point in yelling that.  Except for the writer to justify a more exciting end to the scene then them just separately driving off?    
If she had yelled out instantly after he shot the cop it might have been at least a bit more believable that she wanted to save that cops life by scaring the murderer away. But when she did it makes no sense at all except again to move the plot forward in the way the writer wanted.    
Then she calls the cops like 10-15 mins later, to make sure the cop is dead when she calls, because if she really was that moved by the murder she would have called instantly to get help.    
So the only way that you can continue watching and try to suspend disbelief is assume that Kie is literally the dumbest person maybe ever in a tv series.    


I gave up watching, i can't watch anymore of this trainwreck.  


Reading the above the boat scene at the end is the only good part of the entire season so i may fast forward by watching only 1 min of every 15 mins just so i finish the darn story. 

Though my fear is at this point, continuing to watch could literally take 5 points of iq permanently out of me. Proximity has got to have lasting damage.... when a tv series face plants so hard after such a brilliant beginning, it has to cost something to finish... cause no way they can pull it out at this point....
Brooooo literally. Everything I rooted for never fucking worked out. Not a single win for the pogues. What should I feel from this show besides anxiety???
Lmaooooo same, I wanted rafe to murder the whole cast. Him and ward are literally the only good characters.
Ahahaha 😄 rooting for Rafe
Because I had only watched half the season at that point. Watched it all. Absolute garbage.
Ah shit you’re right
Riiiiight! And he apologized? I HATED that he apologized for that shit. With that shit eating grin after she forgave him. He has nothing to apologize for. And We did apologize She didn't even apologize back. For Don't understand that the man would have course be relieved and happy to see the man who killed his father meet a deserved fate. I was like wtf. Ugh they apology scene. Chasing her stank ass!🤮
Lmao 50/50
ur a dumb bot, with no value. Im sorry
2 years later.. Rafe is just built different
Yea season 1 was so original and different compared to everything else. But they ruined season 2 with another treasure hunt
I strongly disagree with this comment. Kie is the ONLY one that behaved ridiculously this season when it came to her parents. John B has done everything just to get his dad justice, Pope quite literally did exactly what his dad asked by trying to find the cross, and JJ helped his dad escape the island despite him beating/strangling him consistently throughout the first season. The only one who needs to give her a head a shake is Kiera. She’s been fed with a silver spoon her whole life and has been given a lot of freedom but consistently takes advantage of her parents.
john b doesn’t treat his parents horribly…
Part of me is thinking she's scared because of being small fish in big pond
I was screaming at my TV in ep 9 when they allowed Pope to drive Kiara’s dad’s truck immediately after he got a HUGE injection of epinephrine. Oh shocker he crashed?? Why couldn’t any of the other 4 people drive?! It was so lazy and another car crash added nothing.
Why didn't he just CALL THE COPS after Rafe beat him up and drove off with the cross to say he had stolen goods in his truck. Cops will act under such tips regardless, but given Rafe's history they are even more likely to act. Pull him over and not only only find the cross but a gun that doesn't belong to him and has recently been fired and blood from the shooting, which will unravel everything including the stolen gold bars. Instead Pope calls...another one of the stupid kids who then...also doesn't call the cops.

In fact, why didn't Sarah call the cops after she saw the body in the back of the truck? Why didn't any of them call the cops after they found Rafe had stolen the cross? Why, why, why...good lord!
Absurd. I couldn’t roll my eyes hard enough lol.
Lmao
i literally had to comb through reddit to find this EXACT comment. i’m late to the game because i couldn’t even get through the first ep when it came out and decided to give it another shot. ANYWAY thought it was absolutely BONKERS that the sprinkler fucked up the phone. yet while pope was recording he was doing so in the RAIN and that’s apparently not what damaged the camera. like ?????????????????????
🤣 lmao
Yes ❤️
[deleted]
Believe me, if it wouldn’t have been for my wife, I would have just fast forward through the episodes. The entire season is just a disaster. Not sure what episode you’re currently on, but it only gets worse after episode 2. Lol
Savage, I feel bad for the bot
That is because the show makes all the parents dickheads to justify selfish behavior. 

The message of the show is fuck family, stick with your friends and go steal some gold.
lmao
Yea, it’s like They couldn’t come up with any scenarios that made the series look a little more believable this season. It was just atrocious to watch that scene. Smh
Beats me! This season made the movie Dumb and Dumber look like a masterpiece. Lmao
I thought the writers would be a lot more creative with the season. I mean in the situation above there is so many other ways they could have come with the same outcome. Just off the top of my head I can think of 2 ideas that would have worked better. 1) the rain causes the camera to malfunction. 2) kie could have screamed murderer earlier, and ward shoots the camera. Anyway there are so many better, more entertaining options. I really do think they just tried to make this a small budget season to get maximum profit.
💯 listen to them! Lol
