Yes, I remember Uga Uga! The Brazilian Tarzan.
Ofcourse.

On a side note, one of my favorite things about the orginal Betty la fea is how they never made Betty turn into this super hot/strikingly attractive woman. Her makeover was pretty slow and Betty only started changing from the inside out. Betty dressed nicer towards the end but she was still Betty. 

They could have easily gone for an incredibly good looking actress, but the one that ended with the role was one that looked very normal, like it wasn't this model with glasses that took them off an suddenly was pretty or this actually incredibly ugly woman. Betty just needed better styling, proving the message of the show: *"No hay mujeres feas, solo mujeres mal arregladas"*
It's permanently in the Netflix Top 10
I'll do you one better, have you ever seen the [japanese dub of Betty la Fea?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APyyYg-rJyE).
Yes, I dont like it (never did), but my mother watched it (probably several iterations of it, no idea) on netflix this year and a half alone easily 5 times. At this point I could use my testicles as a tie every time I heard the intro
I'm from Colombia, i have seen it like 3 times!!
[deleted]
My mom and my grandma watched it every night during dinner from the time I was 5 to 15 years old. 

The Mexican and Colombian versions
The original show is one of the few novelas I loved
Yeah, A few days ago here transmitted the last episode xd
I remember when it first aired they thought it was going to be a failure, so they had it on the 1pm slot, which is usually the "B" soap operas. What they didn't expect was that all office ladies would go to break and have lunch at that time and would watch tv while they ate. So, it was VERY relatable to them and they spread the word. In its prime I remember working on one of my first jobs and having people watching it on the dot.

They changed it to primetime and raised their budget mid season (that is when Betty becomes CEO, gets the Mercedes and they start shooting also outside the office).
No, I've never watched* it.
I'm currently watching it. I've never seen it before and I love it.
Yes. Love it.
I only listened to their adaptation of ''Yo soy así''. It's really good.
Yes. When it first came out I thought it was stupid. Years later it was available on Netflix so I gave it a try, and ended up loving it. Last year I watched Betty en NY, one of the remakes which of course they did it in the US (hey, if they brought Godzilla to NY they will obviously bring Betty over there because they can't relate to the character in another way). Although the spanglish was really, really annoying at the beginning, they kind of calmed down a little on that and I ended up loving it as well. It's very fun and sometimes it has a somewhat innocent humor, it's also very relatable in terms of family relations. 

The song was composed by an Uruguayan and probably one of the most famous renditions (before Betty) [was the one by Tita Merello](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E82nc_sU85M), which still retains references to those times and a little rioplatense localisms. You may be interested in watching it if you liked the song.
Yessir, i was young and didn't understand what is was going on,  but i enjoyed it anyway
There was a Mexican version with Jaime Camil, the title in Spanish might have been "La fea más bella". I watched it on Brazilian tv. It was kind of cool.
[Betty](https://youtu.be/XRfXAZwcnT4)
My dad adores that show, and used to watch it religiously
I'm watching it rn, I can't believe how it manages to keep the suspense even on the third watch lmao
Yesssss! Betty la fea is the best telenovela ever made.
Never seen it but I got to read the script of an episode in my AP Spanish class
Very briefly, found myself very annoyed with Betty's father, never understood why a successful woman has to endure that kind of person, always thought of her snapping and leaving the house for good. 90% of her insecurities are there because of that men over protection 

Also, Armando didn't deserved someone like Betty, she was far more happy with the French guy. That ending was really disappointing
Let me know when the real king of england dies (The Oxyclean guy)
No, aguante florecienta 😎
Yea, Hope his Family copes well emotionally.

Nope, i have never saw the Teleserie. But i know most references because it was everywhere for long... Chancletea Chancletea…  el semestre en la San Marino... and that stuff.
So I watched the last version of it on Netflix, Betty in NY, beside the fact that the last episode is not available (wtf Netflix) is such a weird version of it all the caracter names changed the story wasn't as I remember taking  into account that I watched when I was 10, I think for today's standards is full on misonogy and bully toward being different at the time it was funny now it will be consider a bit offensive. Anyhow, I went through and laughed as hell
No, I never liked telenovelas/live action/normal series as a kid and that's something that has been stuck with me even now as an adult.

But I respect the series for what it is/represents/impact it had
I went on a date with a white dude who was a total telenovela fanboy which was cute and was so excited to talk to me ( Latino, Mexican American heritage.) about it.  Unfortunately I had no clue what he was talking about, he kept on and on about someone from “del Barrio”.  I was aware of the genre but I don’t watch TV.   I felt like a let down, then I remembered “Betty La Fea” because it was the inspiration for “Ugly Betty”.   This he had no idea, never heard of, and it was news to him if inspired Ugly Betty ?  How do people not know this if I know this ??
No. Maybe I'll watch it sometime.
I have nottt omg
Regardless of your opinion about Prince Philip, he is a human being that died. You should be more respectful.
He died some years ago actually. People in the castle were always like "I'm not gonna tell him, man".
Some weeks ago someone took a picture of him leaving the hospital.
Media just said "Damn! Someone has to tell him!"
Did u try to be edge?
Not really, I'm not that old
more than 300 chapters , seen them all.
😂
my mom watched with my dad, but i haven't
Kubanacan was better
Yeah I really like that Armando started to fall in love with her before the makeover, and that she was not the standard that we seem to like and aspire. It almost felt like a critic to those standards, because the people in the novela with the worst traits were the people that are seen by society as the role model.  She was not a Marcela, this conventionally beautiful and upper class woman who's also really snob, arrogant, and doesn't stop to look down on people that doesn't belong to her privileged circle.
¡Muy magnifico!
wtf
it's amazing lol
Whyyyy LOL
Omg same, shes like on her 3rd viewing.
There was a Brazilian version?
Pero cómo así?
Yolanda Rayo has a nice voice
Holy shit this takes me back. I grew up watching Betty la Fea and i was a bit too old to be in the target audience for Betty Toons, but it was so much fun!
WHAT?
at least you tried
Don’t worry, they will continue to be a bunch of racist, classist, corrupt mantenidos in his honour.
They will be fine... he was 99. They have worse problems to deal with at the moment
Briefly saw the american version, it made the characters appear as if they were Mexican inmigrants. Nothing wrong with that but it was a huge turn off to see how anything Latin= Mexicans for Americans.
> del Barrio

Paquita la del Barrio?
not really, someone who used illegitimate power to hide his pedophile children doesn't deserve any respect, alive or dead, we have to get over this "he died be respectful" bullshit mentality.
Dude fuck him.
try? I would say I was quite successful
Fuck the queen
Kubanacan was the only soap opera I ever followed religiously
there were all kinds of version, japanese, english, arab, polish, russian, greek, turkish, indian, etc.
[deleted]
Perdón, que no entiendo la pregunta.
A shame that RCN screwed her over
Nobody watched Betty Toons?
There's no worse sensation than the death of a loved one...

Depending on who that person is in your life, it can become insurmountable.

And despite he may have seemed to people watching him from afar, he seemed like a source of levity and happiness in a very grin and managed life to a bunch of people in that family.

They are animals in so many ways, sure, but even animals deserve respect.
I agree I am just not sure who was the audience they aim for if it's English speakers fine but for a latino audience is just a joke.. but in general I was sooo amused by Giova, he is a colombian actor but his Mexican accent just on point.
María la del Barrio !  *Cries in Spanish
[removed]
I'd rather not, too old for my taste
What has the British queen ever done to Guatemala to deserve this anger exactly?
Huh, who would’ve thunk?
Traducción: ¿Por qué no?
I didn't even knew it existed!!
To be fair, Paquita also has a series of her own.
not really, I actually would prefer if the british kept those islands, the joke is entirely about how meaningless this shit is for anyone in Latin America, it could have been me or whoever, my mother today was crying for that guy, she's quite into royal families, I feel bad for her, but I really don't have any feelings towards the death of Philip, all I know about the royal family is that they protect pedophiles.
> Guatemala

Gr8 b8 m8
he's salvadoran
Gracias, porque no me gustan las novelas. Sé que fue muy popular, en especial de la versión original he oído buenos comentarios pero no soy muy fanático de ver novelas por su duración.
O también puede significar ¿Cómo que no? ? Pregunto
A eso tipos todos nos parecemos mexicanos
Yeah there’s so many good quality shows in Spanish now why would you watch a novela lol.
Recien me llega la notificacion, no tengo ni idea, solo entiendo el concepto por encima y es para que elabores en tu idea, el por que, como y vaya uno a saber que otras cosas mas.
Oh you have no idea how good Betty la fea is, easily the best show in spanish it's the only telenovela I've watched in my entire life and I'm in my third run rn
Sí yo también más o menos entiendo lo mismo jaja
I have to finish Who Killed Sara?, Wild District, Fugitivos, the Queen and the Conqueror, El Patron del Mal, and El Cartel first.

I started el patron del Mal first but quit after 20 episodes because of how much unnecessary exposition there is so I assumed that was the case for most novelas.
> easily the best show in spanish 

Yeah, no.
Many would disagree with you. Any other favorites?
El patrón del Mal.
