I have. S1 follows the novel, s2 and s3 are action series. I like it, Kate portrays Teresa differently, she is way less reserved. It is telenovela style 20%, rest is action. It has a distinct Mexican taste, which I love. But the relationships portrayed aren't that deep as on Qots. Her men aren't James, so to say! Two of them have been drawn upon to make parts of James’s character, but none of them is as rich as him. So, it's her running around with a different man every so often. 
Only four characters are the same as on Qots, the rest are close. 
I watched every season twice and learned Spanish to watch s1 before it hit Netflix with subtitles. S3 is a wonderful journey throughout South America.
In the 1st season's 3rd episode, Teresa travels to San Diego by plane from Guero's sister's place, can't get cash from the bank, escapes and takes a room near airport. She calls Guero's sister from her hotel in San Diego to inform where she was staying. Epifamino's nephew learns this from Guero's sister at gun point and imnediately goes to Teresa's hotel. How is this possible without he travelling? Someone please tell me if I missed the connectivity or is that overlooked by the director of the series/episode's.
I have watched it, and I like La Reina del Sur more.
I liked La reina del sur much more, Kate is much more believable as a drug queen than Alice in QOTS, in my opinion. I couldn't grow to like Teresa in QOTS as much as I tried to. The first season in LRDS is the most engaging in my opinion, S2 and S3 are more like action drug series, but S1 is soap opera style so keep that in mind. I loved Teresa's growth in the South of Spain, how she went through so much to build herself to a really strong and respected woman. The characters in S1 also made the show so special: Patty, Fátima, Santiago, Oleg, Pote, Coronel, Faustino, Dris... Epifanio in LRDS is brilliant, compared to QOTS. Some of the characters continue throughout the series, I just found that they didn't have the impact of S1.

The main positive from QOTS that you don't have in LRDS is James, but in QOTS I found James and Teresa's relationship frustrating at times with all the "we can't be together" stuff. I was disappointed with the lack of spanish speaking in QOTS as well, it just felt more like a regular american show.

In the end I guess it depends on what you like: an engaging/fun show with a slow growth where you get very attached to the characters (LRDS), or a more action oriented american-style show (QOTS)?
I haven’t watched QoTS, just some clips here and there, but really wasn’t my style. Like I said in another post, QoTS takes place in America and there are more American characters in that, so understandably, give more American and “chola” vibes. I mean one of the themes is made like by a rapper or something, so yeah. 

However if you are watching La Reina Del Sur, the tone and vibes will be quite different especially since it takes place more so in Spain rather than USA. But I urge you, if I am still in time haha, to only watch S1. S1 is more closely tied to the book, so the story has a more coherent, emotional, and complete arc and there wasn’t a S2 or even a S3 in mind after the story ended with S1. It took like 10 fcking years to get S2 because Telemundo was running out of ideas and money lol. 

So S2 and S3 have bigger budget because Telemundo over the years, after the hit that was LRDS, cut off from some Colombian company whom agreed on making telenovelas together and made partnership with NBC. So, comparably better cinematography, cast, and original soundtrack, but omg. The story took a fcking nosedive. Do not go thinking S2 and S3 have the same vibe as S1. S1 characters will totally be out of character, there will be forced plot points, and just goddam what a travesty. I can not recommend later seasons at all.
It’s worth 2. Best series I’ve seen.
I felt so empowered after watching Season 3. I love that they added different women and were put in a place of power, but also they show you how women are mistreated in Latin America and how they are seen by misogynistic men. It gives you a perspective of how a woman can be in control of her life but also her team. Not only that, but she empowers other women to tell on their abusers and gives them the chance to be in power of the situation. I loved it completely. I didn't realize how empowering it was until I watched the ending. I realized that it didn't need to end with a kiss, which is great! Finally a break on romance, not everyone is in a relationship. Over all, 10/10. Didn't like it at the beginning, but as I got to watch it, I loved it.
Great description!
I love James but damn is Lupo hot af.
 Kate plays Teresa much better  than Alice and she’s actually Mexican. But I’m not sure if I’m the only one with that opinion. Both are good though! I just like LRDS more. Camilla makes QOTS good to me also.
Does el guero come back on the show after his death? I seen all 3 seasons & didn’t see him come back
>Kate chose to play a flamboyant Teresa, too much for a Queenpin. In the novel, Teresa is as reserved as Alice's presentation, which requires the use of subtle facial expressions more often than excitement and frustration, yelling and screaming. (As I respond below to a similar comment)  
>  
>As far as the other characters, I also sadly disagree. The depth of the relationships Teresa had with James, Camila, Pote, later KA cannot compare to none of her numerous romantic (some cheesy) ones on LRDS (only Santiago was a decent story with the man having his own story, Oleg was never developed enough until they decided to make him fall in love with her in s3); the LRDS Epifanio and his crazy son/nephew/ wives stories cannot compare to the QOTS Vargas family drama. Guero on LRDS is only is a cheesy repetitive memory in comparison to the QOTS love triangle Guero - Teresa- James and its intense jungle experiences (which btw LRDS copied in S3 with Oleg- Teresa- Pablo...in the jungle as well... lol).  
>  
>Here is a brief example of the depth I refer to: QOTS Teresa portrays the struggle to forgive Pote, KA, James...every time it's difficult and shown very well, but no excessive drama...she fights her inability to trust ppl. LRDS Teresa has a similar situation with Lupo, whereby she yells, then just hops in bed with him, then no word on their relationship, tada...and you think wtf...Is it too much to write logical emotional turmoil about forgiving or not and why...it's just weak writing. That, doesn't excuse the lack of Teresa and James talking about his year away in QOTS s5, but we saw them butt heads as he took time suffering out her becoming a 'hardened boss'', until he accepted the girl was gone...What I mean is that on QOTS there's more defined and logical character progression than on LRDS.  
>  
>Don't get me wrong, I enjoy LRDS, but when I analyze detail, it pales in comparison. Also, consider the higher plot: QOTS Teresa's desire to 'do business better', her efforts to recruit followers, her path to realizing it doesn't work like that, her sacrifices.   
>  
>LRDS Teresa was never marked by a goal different than survival.  
>  
>But I agree it all depends on what you like: more depth or less, more action or less...
True, he is...but they wrote him off...so he ain't my James...lol
I won't say better. Kate chose to play a flamboyant Teresa, too much for a Queenpin. In the novel, Teresa is as reserved as Alice's presentation, which requires the use of subtle facial expressions more often than excitement and frustration, yelling and screaming. Nationality doesn't affect my perception. Both are Latinas. I thought Alice was Mexican until i googled her. I love Kate in Ingobernable more. But all in all, two great versions of a great story.
Which show are you talking about? On Qots he is back in s2 and s3. On Lrds he isn't.
Interesting to hear your view. I have the absolute opposite opinion as I didn’t like the characters at QOTS other than maybe James. I couldn’t find Alice credible, I felt like she only has a single facial expression. 
I do agree that S2 and S3 deteriorated the characters from LRDS, specially the random romantic relationships Teresa had. That’s exactly why I prefer S1 even though it’s a telenovela. The characters were much more unique, authentic and fun! I’m yet to read the novel!
I know it’s a travesty they wrote him off, and brought us that lame dude (who buy the way was the Miami drug pin in QOS). Oh and trust me I love me some James
That makes sense. I definitely need to give the book a read!
Ok thanks I figured it wasn’t lrds & it was on qots. Which you like better?
S1 is by the novel, a little too frivolous on Epifanio. Santiago's presentation is the best. Hope you enjoy it.
Oof, S2 and S3 are dogsht compared to S1. Teresa dials it up to a 20 trying to act as a bossy btch. Let’s not get started on the characters like the daughter and the random lovers. S1 had much more heartfelt quiet moments that elevated the relationship of characters. For instance, when Oleg gives Teresa one the Russian imperial eggs, it was so great and him acknowledging that he in fact may have feelings for her, but at the same time, made peace that it was simply better to just be friends and that was much more better than “a thousand loves”. But then they fcking ruined it in S2 and S3 with Oleg actually never let go of his romantic feelings for Teresa, like wtf, didn’t you yourself said your friendship was better than a thousand loves!! 
Ugh.. anyways haha
I know and actually like Pepe Rapazote, and I remember how Teresa had Pote kill him in s4....he was Gordo, the Cuban..

I enjoyed his Pablo presentation on LRDS, but at the end he sacrificed himself for his 85 yrs old father when there was a chance Teresa would end up with him...this had no sense...and showed lack of character...
I prefer Qots bc Teresa has a real man throughout the series, their slow burn is fascinating, she also has a purpose other than killing someone, and the rest of the characters are way better fleshed out. All this despite some flops and Guero being brought back to life. 
That doesn't mean I haven't seen Lrds several times, and am a fan of Kate as well.
Oh shit i just got spoiled 😭 ten episodes from the end
Sorry...it's still worth watching
Its ok and yes it is
