I’m currently watching this! I like it!
I like it! Second season is good too! Keep watching it!
It has so many intriguing plots outside of the main storyline that make you think "omg that would never happen, and it keeps going." Season 2 is somehow even more crazy than season 1. I was honestly glued to it the whole time. The acting is a bit bad but it's worth the watch for the characters and stories.
I'm on season 2 now and I honestly don't know why so many people feel sorry for Zach. He is awful! Especially more so in season 2.
I just finished it. I did like it. I liked the first season more than the second, but the second season had a very surprising ending, if you know what I mean. Don't want to spoil it. 
I felt like the second season was just little too much, but it was still good. Camilla was just driving me nuts sometimes, not everyone will agree, but I can see Zac's point and why he did what he did in the first season. He just became to evil in second season.
But it also makes you ask questions, what would you do in that situation yourself.
I'm watching it because I want to know what disaster will come next. The actress who plays Camila is pretty oof... so I don't blame you. I watch it subbed ofc
Idk why but i felt bad for zac the entire time. I was torn between both guys feelings.
It’s utterly awful. But I can’t stop watching it.
It wasn’t the BEST show but I enjoyed the ending especially, it’s worth a watch.
You hit it on the nose, acting is pretty bad at times and there are some holes but the overall story is really interesting. I recommend sticking with it. I’m still thinking about it a week later. If you can get over the cheesy acting sometimes and a few holes it’s a great show
This show is terrible-ish and yet DELICIOUSLY GOOD .   Second season gets even more craziness and I’m here for it.    Sure it has some cheezy acting (made worse by dubbing but do not care) , some questionable  and sometimes misplaced slow-pop music and definitely some telenovela-esque dramatic scene tracks (it wouldn’t be the same without those! Ha!)……
 
BUT, the story keeps you going forth.  
Yes, It is worth a watch.  

Dooooo it.
The show is good but there is another show called Chambers. It seems to be very similar to this one and is better gripping too. You should check that out too if you enjoyed the premise of this one.
There were times in season 2 that I thought “If she doesn’t stop crying I quit watching”
The show is actually ridiculous but I like the premise, it's original, compared to other novelas. I think S2 was better than S1. 

I watch in Spanish.   
Acting wasn't great but there was some good acting that deserves kudos, those being:   
Sarmiento, he played that so good.   
Mariachi, very good also.  
Cardenas, though not special his antics and over the topness to portray a corrup president was funny and seemed in line. 

Bad acting:   
Samantha, just typical terrible acting. 

Everyone else was average.
This is exactly what I was wondering. I thought maybe my tablet was fucked up.
The show is superb but Camillas acting was horrible! Makes me cringe always. Best was Zakarias.
I spent an hour last night trying to find reviews and you’re the first person!!

I’ll keep at it, thank you :)
Ok thank you!
I feel like it’s watching a train wreck! I want to know what happens, the story line is good but man the acting is cringe!
The acting is not bad. it is just your sentiment clouding your perception toward non-English actors.
The ending really surprised me too!

I thought the actual story was quite good but the characters were not very likeable. The president was the worst and the mother just awful. 

Zac definitely was a hard character to understand.
I disagree with you I would never agree with killing somebody else for me I would rather die than get the heart over someone’s murder
The ending was very obvious to me and I expected it tbh.
I completely and entirely dislike her character.  She gets on my nerves. I’m not going to add any spoilers for the future watchers but she is something!
Same!

I keep thinking it can’t get much worse then it does. Every time Tomas comes on I cringe a bit. Samantha is supposed to be 15 but looks 25. The red headed guy with his stupid smile and gum chewing makes me want to hit him!
I just started the 2nd season, I’ll definitely finish it off.
I just started season two and am now like wow!!
Sounds good but canceled after one season?
Lol, I’m just glad it’s over (for me anyways)
Zakarias is so annoying
Yeah it's barely online which is so sad because it's an interesting show and I'd love to talk to people about what they think about everything going on in the show. Netflix stealth dropped season 2 and I was so excited when I logged in a few days ago and it said new season.
If you're watching it dubbed in English I think that makes it worse, the voice actress for Valeria was really off, but it's such an interesting show that I couldn't stop watching. Lmk what you think if you finish it.
Nope, I watch just as many non-english shows as I watch English shows. Many I watch dubbed and they are perfectly fine. Season 1's voice acting is all over the place especially from Valeria.
This is literally just like pulling the race card. Nice try. Acting was still bad.
Nope. I’m Latina and some of the actors are terrible. I think Zac and Tomas are pretty good. But Camilla and Simon especially are terrible.
I agree, Camilla was getting on my nerves as well. Just trying to be Saint under any circumstances.
Her husband is the one who’s annoying
He is lying to her all the time and hiding things and killers someone to give her a heart
I think she is supposed to be college aged like 19, but the actress is 30.
I’ve searched everywhere for critics but it doesn’t even have a rotten tomatoes score. It certainly is stealthy lol
I am watching it dubbed and agree it does make it worse. I’ll give it a go with subtitles.
*killed
